You know what I do is writing for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see me as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has ever chosen an farmer.
Today I'm here to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is usually something that dropped you somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bottway.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
By the time they hit to bleed every week in the baby's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and I had 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS . .
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady PowerPoint that said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we're never going to know us.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stick with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital . .
We found it one place, we interact it, and we take care of it, and we commissioned her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know to me as a grown-up, it became a box of ash, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made present in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved the one.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I was talking a lot about this today.
It needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first cousins.
I was amazed.
My heart is fast, I was dressed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The troops around me are about 60 feet of water, and I couldn't even think that it was a snowflake of snow on another piece of snow year after year.
The troops are born when you get rid of the glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality . .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to surrender, and they're clinging to the end, whereas others can't support it more and melt in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and lonely, as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is released, rich water water that feeds a lot of life forms.
I'm going to photograph these troops as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and won't exist in that way again.
It's not death when you melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of their path by the cycle of life.
Some of the ice of the troops that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years . .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years . .
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Keitherstans, Greenland.
It's little frequent to really come to a rolling iceberg.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet . .
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts rolling, the boat has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a team of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, each one of them is a baby . Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that in one case, the chromosome and the sperm of the sperm is joined to the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them are starting to start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my agency, I land two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a historian historian and what I study in this case is the way people addressed anatomy -- to say, human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluids, the idea of the body -- what's thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activist, as patients' defense, or, as I say sometimes, significant advocate of people who are medical patients . .
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with sex twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with bitterness -- much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of athletic sex, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit into male schools and conventional female.
In general lines, we can call it interruption.
The interruption adopted many forms.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual, clean, X-ray gene whose gene 3D gene and tells the protesters, that we all have in the fetal life, which becomes testicles.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sustainability syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops a typical female course.
When you're born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing this tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supermarket glands.
They're in the back of the body . .
Supermarket glands produce cigarettes, the hormone of the masculinity.
Most women like me consider a typical woman; it doesn't know its cosmic structure; I think to be a typical woman most of women as I am sensitive to the guns.
We produce neighborhoods and respond to the guns.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the gentlemen than the woman who was born with testicles that has the syndrome of invisibility to the neighborhoods.
That's why sex is something complicated . It's not that the internalized ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a thief; I had a girlfriend, and I had sex with her, I had a life as a kid and I had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme shape of a disease known as ordinary supermarket.
I had the 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the supermarket glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were married, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
I was born with a child; nobody suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by internal mechanics, when doctors found that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interruption.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what you know as opportunities, is to say, they have ocean tissue wrapped in tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex varieties.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies are early, twin twins, or interperatives are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason for the various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people within a body.
The most pleasant case is last year with the South African corridor in the South Africa, and he put her sex into the International Games in Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask,``What are you going to do to determine whether Carter Simpson is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a line between men and women or men and women and interventions, we are us who we take that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more we move the science more, we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact that we differ from them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we need to recognize that the simple categories that we're probably managing are too simple . .
And we're looking at this in all the bits of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus.
There are very advanced discussions today, but it's not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone is considered dead . .
Our ancestors never had to wear them with this question if somebody was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still, they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving, they buried it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to be able to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past . .
And you might think that this explosion of categories might be able to get someone like me . .
In politics I'm progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
To understand that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about it.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admired fervent from the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find myself every so much watching that music curve``176"and not for music, which is totally impossible.
That's what happened in 1976 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the really transmitted blood right to the father and then the son, etc.
The founders rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They looked at the game, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the analytical differences . That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were a part of an informed system where two things were being done.
The democracy was being made, and at the same time, science was born . .
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading from the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by an idea of birth right.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if we look at, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in essence, we were broadcasting the idea of anatomic coincidence.
And when you do, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what about years later?
And women succeeded.
I then came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the sales of Sun Trek, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men on the row of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color that appealed to the anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Ministry of disability.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at coincidences, we need to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to maintain some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should get back to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that five year-olds were allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk . .
We have two beings, both of us conceived in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms: I was born on March 1.
For the fact that I've been born three months before Mary was born all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born after . .
We found other features in relation to their rights . .
Henry, in virtue of being considered man, I haven't told you whether it's XL, in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory crime that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, by its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still pursue anatomical categories that in several ways are problematic and questionable . .
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be reduced?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is being scanned.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to pull the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have a chromosome, and that to marry a woman, you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't make commodities to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sustainability syndrome to the neighborhoods.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I'm going to draw"a solution.
He says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea seems very good . . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character??
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people rights to people, because I've been able to admit that I know from some of the headlines that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers that I know can make more informed, smart and mature decisions on their sexual relationships than people who are 40 I know . .
So how do you put the issue of the content content?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point??
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States keeps taking this kind of relationship in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian, where a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a sex shift, in which case you're allowed to live . .
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that he had made to give birth twin twins and then separate them to their fame.
But when the phone asked the point of operation, it was a very risky operation, I was told that in that other country these children would be very battered, and therefore I had to.
And I said,``Well, have the political asylum considered instead of surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forced to change for the state of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers . .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical techniques, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interruption, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that's interested me is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the transplant studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Years ago, when I was in graduate, one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist, like now he made me a strange plant.
\" Tell me what it has of female feminine . ''
And I thought,``It's the stupidest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with reducing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I thought about your question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable social relationships.
So, if the parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people by the state, it's possible that, from having more mothers in this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So, while we try to create a more perfect unit, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, have the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to receive them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were properties, and that in the other half, it would still be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by doing packaging in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that these buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those things.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a brand new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of large enough reform to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Jamie and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 men would get out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras . .
In the summer of 2009 Handing went through a destroyed constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter Loui was really excited about a platform where we promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation . .
He asked eighth to be his boss of cabinet . .
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of users with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies as a norms to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with TEDTalks.
I showed it to Jamie.
They called me.
They said,``Let's show you this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami, in a conference room from a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York . -- notice -- terrain that, in some cases, they're worth thousands of dollars per square meter . .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where you start with destroyed terrain, a status that specific the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not to live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
He asked me to go to Geographic and spoke again four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Just this airport cover over 100 square miles . .
So I was trying to convince the brains that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world all of the world.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Romo, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential, that a new city can offer new choices for people . .
There would be a choice of a city that might be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away to North.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status, so that everybody could trust the status of the status effectively.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is from there.
I could easily take a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, January 19, they voted in Congress to get their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional food was 120 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, backed it up.
To include in the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, again in another vote, from 115 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from 21 to 24 of February, a 30-year-old delegation was the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years, getting permission.
The other country in construction of cities is Singapore.
In fact, you've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third . .
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and then it would allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the state-of-the-art court for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to be installed in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd immediately change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to get a job, they're sometimes mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to be inspired for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say,``Thank TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my vagina.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, colorful, colorful and different for every occasion.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
All my clothes are a second hand of milk markets and second-hand stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my knee in the environment and my wallet.
I get to know interesting people, and usually my money goes to a good cause -- my appearance is unique; and buy becomes my personal pursuit of treasures . .
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my heel?
Would I like color?
I cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I won.
Going back to the theme of my vagina, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you do with someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
In the underwear for exactly a week, it's all I put in my vagina.
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in inside, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week . .
Doesn't sound interesting?
While I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, was 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're seeing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is disruptive.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate.
Just yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate.
Wednesday: Nice child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes, or I remind you to their little seven.
I like to stand up and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: Trust is the key.
If you think you're okay with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look right with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day . .
But it wasn't until 30 years old that I really understood her meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds . .
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no gaze you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience . .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth for you: the golden slaves go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal and unique way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word . .
I've tried it over and over again when people approached this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Now, obviously, this is not going to go into my little glass.
So before I went home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to excuse these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and search for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts . .
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we use a scale to measure every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some opt on one of these extremes, but I think that for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great application in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive . .
I consider myself one of those people, like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logic to create these complicated ideas . .
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work . .
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is that one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down . .
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught you a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow you to take them, and they stay in a place . .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like you can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That wasn't really good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it wasn't really cool to my logical part.
Because if it's all made of small particles, and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't . .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics . .
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that . .
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit . It's just in the center.
And then here we do a pretty good approach to the little bit of metal.
What we see is a little bit of metal, it's kind of a springboard, and it's supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of strength of swimming paint that is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare . .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that's used it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expand all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being alone in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act like it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating . And the way he was vibrating was like a breathing in this form -- like a source that expands and contract.
And when you give it a soft push, we could make it vibrate, and it doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics . .
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and no vibration at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case: all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are still still, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they are slowed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which at once means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth spreading in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom, and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was defeated in space??
There's another part of history.
And that's when we heat it, and we turned on the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal stayed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator are only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper . .
It's that those connections, your connections to all things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Aboo.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are lots of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is shown simply in this slide, and this is access . .
I grew up in India.
Great education -- I don't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible to technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've been doing from their launch.
So simply, we go to Google.
Look around all the museums.
There's the Facebook gallery, the MoMA, the Emission, the Rio, the Van Gogh . .
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metrochactic, the New York art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, wow, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum??
We open up the plane, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forwards . You get fun!
Enjoy.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Courtyards"of Pitt Brilliant at Metrochactic.
I see the sign B . .
If the museum shows us the image, we click there . .
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the government technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10,000 million pixels . .
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10,000 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels.
It can make it very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price . .
But if you would really wish.
So I started playing, and I met something that happened there.
And I said,``Wait a moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I went a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called unprecedented, which is to hit an eye with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it seems to be very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep, and you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is to come, a second.
So now we go to the MoMA again in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The Night started . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece??
You get it up and the truth.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night star ,"I think I'd never seen her before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come into, I've created this function I call``The Power of the Love ,"-- we just made a ride around.
It's about``The ambassadors"at the National Gallery in London . .
You can tell things, send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what they feel by contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think to me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things actually don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this . .
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork and that it's properly represented online.
And the big question that you do today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon everyone.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a pixel, a flying pixel . .
In our lab we call it responsive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom, but the reason I show this is that there's something very interesting in the career in France 1 in the last two decades.
It's a while ago, if you wanted to win a Facebook one, he took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident . .
What's interesting today is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions . .
To rearrange cities is big.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all of these detection and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Palentin Antarco for a year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk to me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo spinnered the Moses, he said that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- you can still see a little melody underneath, and he said yelling,``Didn't you stop?"( Why don't you talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and access something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end of the day, the head gave the head.
And anyway, the end wins Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Golden River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
For the early afternoon, there are people over here and that's calling, moving.
It starts the game: silence . .
France de France . Gold of Italy . .
So, the people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regular time.
First time, extra time.
Zipcar, in a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yeah!!
That night, everyone went to celebrate it at the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down . .
You see the image of the place called Circle Mass where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the summit at the end of the day . .
This is just an example of how the city's pulse can be measured in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how you assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their disposal by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle just more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all over the way.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of ineffective in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
They're happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw down, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Isaac Bird, could tell us a lot more about detection and lots of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment . .
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Nairobi.
Everything started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology go to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a coffee and valves, valves of loneliness, lights that open up and closes . .
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom out, the curtain will open up so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked it very much.
And a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors, no windows, but when you're approaching you open up so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered of water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the seats, you get down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when the ceiling goes down, someone who was there and said,``demolished the building . ''
No, it's not that it's demolished, but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying not to be wet when I test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Nairobi came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and one had to jump to not move . .
( People noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'll show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions . .
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom to, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real flower controlled, going down to form a V, like.
When light comes, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the stars of the New York City and the Milan School to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an input for the Florida . .
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D dimensions in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement . .
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud . .
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as well as a crime of cloud like a barn, but with a cloud . .
Imagine that we could get everybody to give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time, the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered of pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, it's going to be to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can enter there.
Like a new digital forum at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better ways, be stronger, to get more resistance . .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure?
What about a good health?
Or maybe they're those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something??
( Audience member: creativity .) creativity . .
How many people will choose creativity?
Hands up . Let me see.
A few . It's probably due to the number of creative people present . .
That's very good . .
How many will choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible??
Evolution has been a perfect theme here at TED Conference, but I want to give you the gaze of a doctor about the subject.
The great gene of the 20th century, T. Thamaki, who would also communicate at the Architecture Architecture Church, wrote a situation called``Nothing biology makes sense to the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future??
Do you mean the other or to us?
This is another look at the tree of life . .
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, it is, of course, the most interest.
We developed a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone and go back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes??
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, significantly indistinguishable, that it comes out of the pancreas . .
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take on the most bacteria intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body??
Maybe 10 times more . .
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damascus raises you from the adoption -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, it's dark, the wet, it's very charged.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of their part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria, with the occasional disruption of some foreign self-defining.
But so, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life . .
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what's the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief shop -- animal kingdom, like one and only company, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I went into college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, every single cell is just divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two children . .
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start changing.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And a very important thing: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes amazing.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the body's death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student I thought, well, sexual, sexual, death per sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year, I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burns's feelings, who still acted in Vegas well in his 90s.
And one night someone hits your hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent dancer light.
And he looks at it, and he says,``Come on a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controversial, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to get healthy . .
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary view, you and I are like reformer rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbit level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen said when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the terrorist bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked in the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an academic environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance . .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and removed from the population . .
And second, as a species, we've set up our environment so that we adapt to us as us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we run, and we get so close that it's no longer possible to have a necessary isolation for evolution.
A second possibility is that a traditional, natural type is produced by nature's forces.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution will roll off, but they're amazing . .
And in the isolation of isolation: when a species of different planets are going to exist, and the environmental changes that we can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
The call neuroscientist, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen??
How could we get this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more vessels than women . .
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family level.
Think also that if it's possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but in their own body to make genetic adjust to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the app?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes??
If we look at the future, that kind of changes will be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it took 13 years.
It cost seven billion dollars . .
The next year of being finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three four months . .
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to $20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to be done by the human genome for 1,000 dollars and will be increasingly aware of everyone.
Those changes are coming . .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's not an experimental trial in course with growing influenza in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
So, imagine only two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring??
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the newly fertilized egg, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, remove the threat, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt hypertenting surprises -- better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster concentration muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it at 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years . .
These are elections that their grandchildren, or grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful society, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the depths of all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or bad, and before I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke . .
Imagine an engine making clear, click . .
Close, click, click, click . It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the middle . .
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We're probably hitting some birds . ''
The pilot had already violated the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It applied the engines.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise . .
And then he said three words.
The three most challenging words I've ever heard.
He said,``To prepare for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``Collection wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'll open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life . .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't a much -- I thought, wow, I really feel a great weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And I'm sorry the time that he wasted in things that don't care with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right; choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die is not afraid.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was framed in a single thought, which is just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in my daughter's performance -- first degree, not a lot of artistic talent, still . and screaming, cry, like a small.
And for me, that was the whole reason for the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle, not dying that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the chance to look at the future and go back and live in another way . .
You're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, how do you change?
What do you do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can??
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDx was one of the most important refugees in the '80s . .
One day he came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS . .
TED today has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes . .
Their work influenced me . .
I have a design company and animation, so obviously the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TED, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, don't you see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone on the movie``The Scoreboard and the butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're running with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I was introduced by just wanting to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
I engaged with her brother and his father there at that point,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it can't communicate . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Green Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations . .
And that's how the journey started . .
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on the side of the side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we play the gates of insurance companies and we get a machine so that TEDx could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great . .
And seriously, it's the most fun; I call it``Oh"because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world from all the world's corner to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and consumers, and they took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we came back to the walls of the walls, and instead would have graffiti.
But for two weeks, we program, we went to the shipping of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Enceathlies, and you can see the description.
They're a couple of gardens from cheap sun that we bought on the shipping side of Venice Beach, a little bit of copper wire and things from Homo Diplomat and Radio Department . .
We take a PMS camera, we open it up, we put it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that is free -- you build yourself; we publish the code for free, the software is going down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes . .
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this balance and air during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions across the night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture, because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking outside the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to break on the parking, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pulled me out so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
That's our war . That's our war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Magic screen . .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and a robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this . .
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle is that in April of this year at the CDC in the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets ,"it's going to have the best expressions of urban Britain, Shakespeare Fair, ABC all of them are going to be there.
TEDx is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically, this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing that's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scottish was not possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I did nothing with ocular recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel to do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys . .
I've spent the last few years in a very difficult situations, and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous . .
He filmed into war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that are seen and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of the brands and the sponsorship wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some may have heard of it, or no, a couple weeks ago, I had an airplane on eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of my TEDTalk TEDTalk.
What was the next thing:``The U.S. MRI presented: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and content could be explained on the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous or your company by doing it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks??
A lot . .
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that room, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell them.
But in the new film I'm working on, we tested the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, nothing could anticipate, for something as dangerous or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie . .
Morgan Super: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest film ever sold . . ''
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that all of the top at the bottom, at the end, has images of brand, all the time -- from the precipice that appears before the title, brand X.
Now this brand, Colony Starbuck, the Center Center.
These people are going to be associated with permission, forever.
And so the film explores all of this idea . (Michael Kasharmers: It's redundancy .) (MK: It's redundancy .) To perfect, forever?
I'm a redundant pedestrian . (MK: I just say -- it was more by emphasis.
It was``Person Persistence . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray paradigm in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used ...
The most cool car that you've driven in``The largest film ever sold ,"the best suit you've ever drank, cut``The largest movie ever sold . . ''
Washington Kosovo: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: Make you fund the film) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The whole goal of the film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, from beginning to end.
And I'd love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Wow: But I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to play?
MS: A million and a half . (D: Okay .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see us as a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rube: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We need to think about which brands.
MS: Yes . (MK: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people you've got to treat.
MK: We have some places where you go . (MS: Okay .) Turn off the camera.
MS: I thought,``Come out the camera ,"meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
The camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed, I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people saw it as possible . .
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario, isn't the idea to count with that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to lead the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a grade error, and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transparency images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your radar, Sergey Brin . No . .
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practice -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians are named, the president, the name, even the CEOs.
But all of a sudden, when it's about making it really, really change.
But why? Well, transparency gives away -- like that weird bear that still keeps pushing.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
Take an entire bowl of Cook White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies, and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you're aware of our history . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to say,``Son, there's three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . . ''
You see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanted to help me -- that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribaties from many years I realized I would have to go through my account, I would have to take off the middle and go to the companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn out of suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start to conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, huge, giant, others who make small films, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make large Hollywood movies, giant, they say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest film ever sold . . ''
How are we going to look specifically to Ben in the movie??
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the astronaut Ben.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say,``Are you right for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there would be one of these fabulous arms.
So much``Global fusion"as``winds of the Heavens"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid, black, in mud, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a promoting look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand . .
Similar to the smallest kinds of movies you say, we are more good a red brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like that, you know, remember Ben to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ben?
Bang is in white . .
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits . .
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh.
I think``cool"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus``combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do you stay fresh longer? With better freshness, more freshness, three times more fresh.
Things like the benefits of profits.
MS: And that's a multinational company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the people like me, to the Congress.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My brand?
I don't know.
I like good clothes.
Woman: It's going to revive the '80s, Parkinson public unless it's a washing day.
MS: Okay, what is the Great brand?
Gerard: One thing . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, a lot of grey and things like that.
Usually, I'm wearing accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar . .
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convergence, Mars Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it a casual flight.
Woman 2: In a hippie part, in a moment, Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
Seeing toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: It's failed writing.
Is that something?
Announcer: I'm a lawyer . .
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often focus on the intersection of dark glamour, and I'm flying out.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Olympic Zambia in Pittsburgh . .
They helped companies like neutral, February, Hallmark to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: You hold the photos, right?
MS: Yes . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being.
MS: These people model my way of seeing the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origin, and they start in a place, and in my case they originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one that you want to talk about??
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like things different.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"-- what does that look like?
What's the male? Where do you find you now?
Why is it important to reset? What's red?
Tell me a little bit about that . .
It's a little more than you, which is not who you are.
What other methodology have you had??
There doesn't have to be fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Ah! (A: Thank you .) No thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Yeah . (MS: Yeah .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this . .
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linus Zaliley: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the Morgan Susic brand is a conscious brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them . .
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to avoid, and it's human nature to avoid things that they're not secure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a sense and make them happen to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see it also here to Target, Wii, Ministry of Mini Cooper and Jefferhon . .
There are now playful brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a democratic brand is quite powerful.
MS: A disciplinary brand . What is your brand??
If somebody asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you a strong attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow??
Or are you more good an attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative??
The advice attributes are like being playful to be fresh as the prince, contemporary, adventure, adversity or audacious as Elephant Florida, fast or agile, primary or musician, magic or mystic like Gandhi . .
Or are you rather than a straight attribute??
Are you conscious, sophisticated?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protected, protected with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplating or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Al Ohido?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, sign and descendants, which said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the marketing, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much as a movie.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising.
Around the city over the last five years there are no fences, there are no posters, there's nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or the most success is those in which I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with it to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that it's going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you go? Did you succeed?
Well, since the movie is standing at the Sundance Festival, let's take a look . .
According to Brazil, the movie is crashing in January, and since then, this isn't all of us, we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV . .
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in the fire.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about, wouldn't be part.
I've always believed that if you're risky, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk, you're preparing their whole company to lack rewards . .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving, I think we need to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We embrace fear . We're going to embrace risk.
From a shower at once, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to hold the transparency.
Now more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk,``We embrace transparency ,"has been presented by my good emergency friends who for 70,000 dollars bought the rights of the name on eBay . .
EM: becoming great data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
MBI shows``We embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much . .
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in name of transparency, that happened exactly with those $7.7?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check on the name of the TED matrix of TED, the Sapling Foundation, a $700 check to be applied to my attendance for TED in the next year . .
The idea behind the Studio computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.K. original plant.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows's software; they are a completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus of Windows into a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows installed.
The oil goes into the gray box, it damage the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is thrown; mission accomplished.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the institute used multiple dancing vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened with this.
Very strange things happened.
Student was behaving like a lab of lab she didn't like our cheese, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . . ''
The installed is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we enjoyed the code code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big . .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all internal information.
They knew all the dots to attack.
You probably even know how much the operator takes.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stuxnet installed is complex and high-tech, let me tell you: charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the function of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at terms and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with the potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about astronomers that we can approve or thrive.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent taste, it must be a valuable white white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It basically boils into the nuclear power plant of Boston and the Natasha origin plant.
So I told my assistant,``Take me a list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I became an effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital origami with the control of the robot.
The roundabout is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you run the speed of this roundabout, you can certainly break it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and distract in an obvious effort to get crazy to the maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital oil looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 1640 is in that code, you can't force.
I started researching scientific literature on how these characters are built in Nathan and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 160 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These charges in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code??
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that they haven't been misunderstood: it wasn't.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up on street streets, and we had to start.
Even so, we found that both digital birds would match a single and same goal, but from different angles . .
The small oil is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors turn and spell them, and the big oil communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destination is.
It's Nature, and it's just Natasha . .
We should not worry that other targets are caught by Stuxnet . .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the sensor values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, this fake entry data is programmed by Stuxnet.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is food feeding.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to block operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes out of speed, you should open up valve valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do this a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then you can spend bad things . .
The plant can explode.
And not the operators and the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse . .
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automobile factory.
It's generic . .
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet . .
You could also use conventional technologies of worms to disseminate it.
I'll disseminate the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up is with a massive destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East . .
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences, and better that we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it has been public in many sides that people assume the Museum is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langet: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for letting . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and it gives humanitarian skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair are lifted up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics ,"we call these robots, exoskeletons . .
They're not different than something you put in the morning, gives you a great force, which also increases its speed, and help it, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine . .
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other things.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, should take on its back a 45 pounds, and you're demanding it even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplating this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you at the CMU -- I mean,``It's University".
Soldier: With the MCS exoskeleton, I can cover 90 pounds on variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put into cells to drag and execute movements with great agility . .
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance . .
Cynthia Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year . .
So it's a reality.
Now, let's go back to the looking at the wheelchair users, what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population . .
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is rapidly multiplied.
Their only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so for the last 500 years, from their successful emergence, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you at the OECD that's using Amanda Bowie who's 19 years ago, and it had a lesion in the backbone, and as a result, he couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bowl: Thank you . .
EB: Amanda is using our ALS, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here on the back . .
There are also a few batteries that give motor engines in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it move with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing underneath was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost every feeling and everything from the pelvis down.
Shortly, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, he has allowed me to learn how to slow down in cars, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bicycle . .
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far . .
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Spiderman or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bones of Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis on our narratives of human evolution.
But bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power . .
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understood of great apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the skin itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and causes as many deaths as World War II.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of meat and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, on this field of violence and chaos can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins??
We know them as the apes``do love, not war ,"because they have frequent, promiscuous, bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems in humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Kaaba South.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life . .
Play is not just a kid's play.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity, diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us . .
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a blogger game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing . .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``You have it . ''
I just believe that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common both in Bonobos as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play like the testicles and also how the game requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time, it's the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is collaborative, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who is playing with water.
I think, like she, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that curious curiosity that drives us to explore, interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our driver of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take our play capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, you can be the moments that the most urgent.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires as a captain assistant in a volunteer body.
And in our city, where volunteers match a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going . .
But still there was a career at foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, he was infected in a conversation with the owner that I certainly hadn't had one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, shot off, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I, we call them Leo Luther first to the captain, and he asked her to go and save the dog of the home owner . .
The dog! I was so jealous!
There was a lawyer or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a living, because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an argument.
He said,``Bears, I need to get into the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, went to the real firemen, that at that height, they had finished to turn off the fire and entered the top of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero . .
I took my load back to the ladder where I met my neighbors and the beautiful dog in the front door . .
We pulled out of the house for home's owner where, as he was waiting, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of the house, thank you for the brave effort, demonstrated to save his house . .
The kindness that she saw over the other was that someone had reached even a couple of shoes.
So much in my calling in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also about grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they're going to be able to do this remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining bed, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they get into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, comes back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules from a fixed measure that fit each other . .
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build larger things that we like, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO was happening.
It was called automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LOL bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that you've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible . .
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination . .
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of static brick brick, each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much larger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts . .
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Pittsburgh.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Titanis are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors . .
And the best thing about it is that they get together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly, you can start to make older circuits.
A blue one produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an intermediate light.
We added this timbre to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Titanic are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and solar, Titanic allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Pittsburgh is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to the bricks to use.
Lucas, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given Bitchilds to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works at night, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Bitchilds to design schools . .
So, for example, designers without any experience begin to play with Pittsburgh as a material . .
Here you can see, with paper bottles and concrete, we have George creating ...
( Metal sound) A few weeks ago, we took Bitchilds to the designers of Rhode Island School, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conference canyon active.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a locust made of plastic that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Pittsburgh became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of everyone.
So, Pittsburgh has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators, because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge . .
We can -- we can continue better let the video on one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm taking time?
Okay . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they're supposed to have -- we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Capitor for America, and they would be like a period of Peace Peace Corps.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them into the wild world.
They made great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Allah . .
This is a high city hydrant.
Here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that somebody clean it up when you get caught by snow, because it knows that it's not very good off when it's covered by a snow meter.
How did I ask to help this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Code for America . .
They were there in February, and at that time, it was much last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrocarbons.
But one of the members named Erik Microsoft noticed something else: that citizens wipe the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept it when you're snow.
When you do that, you put a name on it, in this case he put him.
If you don't, somebody can steal . .
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app . .
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 progression last year.
But it does something that no other government technology achieve.
And it goes viral.
A responsible for the city of Honolulu City when you see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami mermaid.
It's very important to work these tsunami mermaid, but people steal the batteries.
So I ask citizens that control them . .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take off the shocks.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they're snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years . .
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months . .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project at the judicial power of California that the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and a viral form is a kind of warning for the government institution.
It suggests the government better ways of working, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way of addressing the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an abandoned institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy . .
And it's not only Carlood for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it . .
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if you let the feelings on politics, the line in the FDA, and all those other things that you get crazy, the government is essentially in Tim O'Tah's words,``What we do together because we just can't . ''
Now, many people have abandoned the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to describe it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- remember that from``We, the village ,"the way we think about it will affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government was to choose people to choose charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, about slams.
This is the telephone care center of services and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott hit this call.
Income``Zarin"at the base of official knowledge . .
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open up the gates of the house, put right music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of oranges.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, and web and mobile, called Catholic Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people at the New American American Medicine Office.
And one day, this happened really, this:``Zarin in my trash bucket . I don't know if he's dead . .
How do I do that? ''
The Disken Connecticut dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Connection Connecticut, it's all public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zimbabwe? Yes . Live? Yes.
He turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet diarrhea . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technical definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected two people.
And it might have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we empower communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the other entrance.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy . .
And we say that word with much contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps that that is that we finance it as something that operates around us, that other thing, and we're losing power.
People think politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy be sensual.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Octopolist movement.
Do you see them??
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for the ones that we have resigned to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what the world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act from all of us?
We can't preserve government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that the technology is possible to replicate government function so that they can expand civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act, you only have to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years, so I, in order, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk to; they're all going to talk . .
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, you don't really care a lot to do their voices.
They're using your hands . .
They put the work to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities . .
It may be cleaning a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has an circuitry inside . .
Of course, we always could have cleaned up those hydrogen and many people.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens . .
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all of you, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all of us together, will we be a volume of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor . .
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and in death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair . .
And I'll be here at TED seeing and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact all over the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise . .
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you're taught with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother . .
It was hard, it was strong, I had power . .
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves . .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia over the 1800s.
She was born over 1880 and his experience with slavery shaped the way the world looked.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was small and I looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so lucky I could barely breathe, and then I jumped.
One or two hours later, I went back to her, and she came to me and said,``Brian, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I told him that no, I was going to get stuck again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be near her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children . .
My mother was the age of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention . .
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 , 20 minutes, she got up, went through the room, took me out of my hand and said,``You see Brian . We're two we're going to talk . ''
I remember this as a yesterday.
I'll never forget.
He took me out and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mama . ''
She said,``Now I'm sure you won't ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he added,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget.
Then he said,``I just want three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my husband, and you have to promise that I always take care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I will . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to do is you'll always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, mama . I'll do it . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mom, I will . ''
I grew up in the field, in the South rural, I have a brother one year and a sister a year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beer package, I don't know where I pulled them out, and I grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the crazy ones.
He took a beer donkey, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no . It's okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on today, and you're always doing the same as us.
I took something, your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
I kept the gaze with strength and went on,``Oh, not being you're still thinking about the conversation with mama . . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . . ''
I stayed up.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will expand widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that they really don't see any sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoner during ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases with alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world . .
In poor or black communities, it's so hard, so much despair, it's determined by these facts.
One of three black ones between 18 and 30 years is in jail or online freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is all about rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but wealth what's driving the results.
And it seems that we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and the shadow make us believe that these are not problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work, some pretty curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as in other states, you give you for rights forever if you have a criminal sentence.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before you would take the law of the law to vote . .
We have this impressive silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world . .
It represents people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crime crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity . .
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding if people deserve to die through the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of every nine people executed, one that is innocent that it's innocent and released from the death of death.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine . .
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to have any planes if every nine of you who would get off, one would be star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem . .
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
I'm talking to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and led to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be limited.
They worried about being bombarded.
The threat of the terror was what their lives defined . .
Now there are older people who are approaching, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, make speeches . Tell people to stop saying that in our history we first deal with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial sustainability and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we have each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us work to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation . .
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good worrying about what you say . ''
Adam:``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We're never going to be able to get it here . ''
The room stayed in silence and a lady said,``There's no way to our history, we could never get into systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we're going to exercise people . . ''
Think about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews??
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational . .
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are amazed by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both.
We're talking about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means that it's going to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the displays, which will never get to TED.
To think about them is, in a way, something that is inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are . -- despite being so rational, so committed to intellectual.
With innovation, development is not just brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well for heart conventions.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to us not only by brilliant and sustainable, but also dark and hard.
Valley Hawaii, the great leader leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will for being in places of despair and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, it must be engaged.
There's no connected disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice . .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women meet just to speak.
Occasionally, the lady Carrie called me, to say,``Brian, comes the Miss Park . We're going to gather to speak.
You want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Yes . I do want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I went and I just heard them.
It was a very compelling, very enlightened thing.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Paris went to me and said,``Now, Brian, I tell me that's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving it my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end with life sentencing, without parole freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We try to end the mass incarceration . ''
I gave all my best speech, and when I finished he looked at me, and he said,``Hmm mile . ''
And he added,``You'll end up exhausted, really exhausted . . ''
At that point, Mrs. Carrie leaned up, he put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I believe that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering . .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work . .
I've been educated in simple things . .
I've come to understand, and I believe that each of us is higher to the worst that we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liars . .
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite to poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very limited, very stimulating, not being judged by our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of how they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way they treat poor, convicted, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started understanding truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel demonstrated . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force . .
I stay tired, like everyone . .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of toughness.
I'm going to jail, and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been qualified to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it isn't??
The judge's hard as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was awake, by God, if the judge can become something you're not, it should have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a movement . .
He had a 14-year-old customer, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the movement, with a quote that said,``Look, so my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old privileged white white target . ''
In the movement, I've been able to have a behavior in the impact, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that isolated movement would be a dream, or did I write it??
For my horror, not only had it been told, but he had sent her to court.
About about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went into the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and hard.
I finally got off the car . I walked to court.
I was climbing the stairs when I met a older black man; it was the consumer of court.
When she saw me, she came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you? lawyer?"I said yes.
So I went up and hug me.
And I was scared in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was surveillance.
That was deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I go into, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this wisdom? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. I went ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . Everyone was outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came up with the footprint, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the blade of the eye, he got to see the comfort that he went and came.
He was looking at the window and he was going to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers' table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge was a recession.
During the rest of the station, it was offended because the comfort had entered the room.
The assistant was advanced on the old black black . .
He said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black guy stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the grass target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
We cannot be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity are going to be linked to disorders, compassion and justice . .
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view in the goal with iron.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BG: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you're going to be an effort to deliver the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years . A billion dollars . .
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases don't connect in arrested . .
56 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This refugee is going to propose that these funds are given to make the law enforcement.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has relatively stable stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we're allowed to convince the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources back to their victims . .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less . .
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today.
You're very inspiring . .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Announcer 3: The police sucks O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: Carter posters . Complaint 5: Markets.
Announcer 6: Social definition . Complaint 7 : 65 dead . .
Announcer 8: Absolutely tsunami . Announcer 9: cyberattacks.
Several computers: War to the neocortex, mass destruction . Toraph . .
Recession: Bank . Fine . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis .: Death . disaster . .
Oh, God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got over the last six months, and they could absolutely be the last six days or in the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
Within every day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing care about, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories, we will prefer to look at negative.
That old one of the press:``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it doesn't.
Perhaps, instead, what really happens is that we get distortion.
Perhaps the enormous progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have it.
As human beings, we are very good at leveraging problems and, at the long way, we end up with them.
So we analyzed what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, the average per capita income has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America today, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, air-conditioning air.
The bars of the past century of the past century, the planet's employers, would have never dreamed of such luxury . .
A lot of supporting this is technology and, lately, their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes out in the information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, depression and booming.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges . .
And even though it's graffiti on a law on the left, it's going up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, at Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, national medicine and the A.I . .
I mean, how many of you saw the victory at Japan of Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline.
And I loved this:``Watson beat human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University . .
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to deal with a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that it's scarce and bringing it abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a National III story of mid-1980s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
Napoleon troops ate with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But Simon's king, he ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 8:30 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon . .
But then the election came out and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappearant . .
We project this analogy towards the future.
We think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that's taken by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but of access.
And there are good news . .
This year, for the first time, solar power cost in India is 50 percent less than the CEO generated : 8.8 rupees versus 17 rupees.
Solar power cost fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of America, solar electricity costs six cents per hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national media.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about war now.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space spaceship to Earth , 1990, after Saturn??
He took a famous picture . How was it called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater water, two percent is ice, and we fight by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available in 10 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanoparticles.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Scotching, maybe you know it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any water source water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon . .
The president of Coca-Cola just remember that it will make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have confidence that it's going to be, Coca-Cola will globally implement in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is potent by this technology today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to reach 70 percent of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think of that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to have a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of tens of thousands of GPS dollars, video HD, images, books and music, medical diagnostic technology now delivered and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they go through health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Congressment Foundation, something called the X Prime Trial Trial , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they're talking about, and because it has A.I ., they can take blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where mortality charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize, calling the entire health and, first of all, avoid the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance . .
I call it the billions of increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went through the mark of the seven billion . .
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health . .
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users on the Internet . .
Three billion minds never heard of the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you use? What wish will you have??
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the greatest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they're going to get more health thanks to the Critic, a better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printing and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health??
How about a few voices?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever you are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What do these three billion to?
And if they're contributions that we can't predict??
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that only could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Fouice . .
He emerged at Washington University in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will spread.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so it was a computer problem.
They've played these college teachers, each other . .
Then hundreds of thousands of people got together and started playing.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the edge of the boundary.
We have the capital of the neocortex.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades . .
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the heart of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1875.
You might think that I'm feeling a little bit, but it wasn't.
It actually gets fish . .
And I described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the grouper.
It was a lot of fish to the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the Red List of IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The brochures still say that they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story also illustrates another concept: the deliberation of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a logo in West Africa . .
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and, as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were about 20 centimeters, the black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it was more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved.
They mature at five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of dragged fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, I started in the 1960s of Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called La Music 4 . .
I went out to fishing in it, and we conducted studies in South China Sea, and, especially, in the Sea of Java.
What we captured there was something amazing.
We captured, now, the sea fund.
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on some remains, remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea fund came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a laptop.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were thrown out because they were dead.
Once we capture a living.
It was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen pick every time they go to an area where they've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, lots of reasons, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of it, I'll keep some miserable remains.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very plentiful, before you get extinct, it's little frequent . .
You don't lose plentiful animals . .
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of great fish.
They become little frequent because we fish them.
Over time there's a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this??
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present, like they captured such a time, and so I saw a lot of fish in this area can't be used, or usually don't use the fish scientists, because it's not science.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in institutions, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
There's the huge role that can be delivered a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has run and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their departure point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema may fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation from the Cheetapory Bay . .
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that nuances and wholeness are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about what people were moving with the movie, I'm not going to talk about the story of Pootsy, why do you get the images??
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give you, is Cameron, to do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin Ali, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos are done viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed something very, very difficult . .
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper note in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a sanctuary . .
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And, of those, only a small percentage gets viral, it gets infinite of visit and gains cultural emotion.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participatory communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vash: Oh, my God, my God . .
God!
Wow .!
Hyperbelence, wow!!
KA: Last year, beautiful Beach published this video out of his house at the National Park Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This chart shows reproduction in the popularity rise of the past summer.
Now, beautiful doesn't give a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call YouTube Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January . .
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimbling . .
Jimmy Kimb published this toy to beat the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimb present us and interesting things and put them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . -- you've got to start Friday . Everybody wants to get the weekend, the weekend, Friday, Friday, start Friday . KA: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"by Rebecca Blue is one of the most popular videos in the year . .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year . .
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Just like``bow rainbow ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it, and so many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J Nelson, from MIT Science, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a trend group will adopt a view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then start talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 speakers in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the university entertainment of the 20th century, this communal participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by spreading or doing something new with that . .
\" Nike Cat"is a repetitive animation with an agreed music . .
That's what it is.
This year, it was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that's been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet phone community.
There were remix . .
Somebody made a version to the old . .
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole remix community arose that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this??
Who might have predicted``Architecture Had double"or Red Black or``Nike Cat"?
What could you have written on this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video video for a minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get off the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against multimistrions in New York, I admit that I'm not too interested.
Casey Newton: I was multiplied by the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevent you directly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and the humor, Casey Newton made five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach goes for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vash: What does this mean??
Hindu . .
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, creative participation communities, completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube . .
They don't ask permission to express their ideas . .
Now we're all a little taste of our pop culture.
These are not the old media characteristics, they're barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being armed . .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life . .
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique and freedom hope of his country . .
So imagine while the communist comes into Save, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain . .
The words, for so long friends, now would forgive him.
It was reflected in silence.
He died broken by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to take off, but we cut it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat as a boat down quietly to the sea.
My mother, Mau, had just 18 years old when her father died, and a concrete marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task: the escape of her family and a new life in Australia . .
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old, that's challenged by the fiction, a boat went down into the sea display of fishing . .
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a poison with poison.
If we were captured, we first took my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, I kept diving in every wave, and the horizon vast and empty.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with men's worth in our boat, or the engine dying and could not be thrown by six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same taste . .
After three months in a refugee camp, we developed in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Ford, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants . .
Unlike the middle class suburbs, what I did, in Ford, didn't make sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragmented English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what was supposed to take, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing about the``random eyes"and some graffiti:``Asia, they go home . ''
home, where?
Something in me was hardened.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we sat on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother's house . .
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat . .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a shop of computers, then he studied to be sterile and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and unhappy, and armed boys trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors . .
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic, clear Asian student with what I was demanding from myself.
In the other one, I was incarcerated in precise lives, tragically propelled by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was stored from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit . .
So Le, anonymous residents of Ford, it was now so, refugee and social activist, invited to speak on sites that I had never heard of name, and at home whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine . .
I didn't know how to talk about anything . .
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, counting on each one and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when we got into the boat.
The``no"had ever been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``You're not what you do . ''
So I spoke about juvenile and education and the delivery to marginalized and transportable.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was used to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a new one, new on the scene -- and not only that it's right, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside can easily be able to fight the horizons, it can easily be able to accept the presumption of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world moves away, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that weren't allowed to be allowed to be tremendously aligned.
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people who the slogan``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a dime.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share . .
We worked at the time.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up . .
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single trip.
My hunch again.
I had moved, and the adventure continued . .
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hasn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born . .
The mother was used alone.
At the age of 17, he became a condition of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
No support of his husband, he caused a magazine to sue it and take the cause herself, and much more compared when he won . .
You can't do it proved to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw her standing on the other side . .
I knew I'd come up with me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Ford and sat around his attention.
We tell him stories, and we make sure we were still with her . .
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the attention.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you have taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" They haven't jumped it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women . .
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily embraced.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that to you??
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a picture in their lives, they're surrounding brave in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and see it safe, I would.
Transition Nelson and also mother's mother is here in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Sunday Alliether.
We were looking at how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian episode,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a cart and we cut the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was Arburt, the great Indian warrior, he had a thirst, he took a bow, and with a arrow on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with trailers and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that struck me a lot.
I felt a little bit more.
I was terrified with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a statement if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't hold my friends . .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver . .
And this 50 years technological piece was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and nanotechs in my imagination . .
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us.
They would stop our inspiration.
So I launched, I dragged this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It uses books since I was 16 . .
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device to connect to the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multi-controlled.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to --"I write my name . .
And so I become a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and dragons, but to that childhood magic, those ideas that we open up with children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we have to include the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they light up your path in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a child was that a whole galaxy knew a ticket.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all fantasy books, there have always been maps, but it's been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flu and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed . .
Now I'm going to go into.
Another very important aspect to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the tastes.
We've all heard of the fairies and the donors, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you clap them?
These poor passengers have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia, in an old and wet book . .
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PCs, have not left the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology . .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: of sticks, stones, screaming and shells.
For some reason the kids don't do it anymore.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London put a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey today . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking . .
Within the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and you see, you see, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inside of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them in order to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology approach each other . .
We take the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University Randall was to disseminate a director of listening . .
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens? ''
\" How can we help it??
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody, or perhaps not all, but most health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi bat . It's very simple.
It's got a little bit of light.
All of the morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that you need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency from that style, but to see it backwards . .
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi bat, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me: Life, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week.
This little fan connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars . .
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they will recover control and being captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
Doing techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by criminality . .
And one of the things that we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Perhaps we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Machialan.
Also where they're all the gas.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient??
We ask, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saved lives at this point.
What we did was we made crowds in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience that: If you see a DNA, please send it, you give you where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that . .
And we made an app for the iPad . .
We created an app for Laramie, augmented reality, to find these DARPA . .
And every time you're in the city of Markeyness and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives . .
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just as DARPA, which is the name of the product, but also like ASDA.
And we wanted to start it globally.
We're looking at all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the DSM crop worldwide . .
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapse, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
And I also wanted to invite companies all over the world that could help us value these DSM.
You could be texting services or telephone people, for example, to see whether the DSM that shows is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it the photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
He mixed up with my previous passion by drawing, but it was a little bit different because when he used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the puzzle . .
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to push the puzzle.
Pictures like this: a construction in a very transparent road . .
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful people at the time but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say, I say photographer.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more than to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment . .
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is the details or the colors?
Is light interested?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic . .
So I think foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if there is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life . .
But when you combine photographs, it's very important to consider, because otherwise something will look wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this . .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come up with these requirements; they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light . .
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by pictures of different places.
In the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas on the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plant it, to find the different locations for puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it seems more dry.
So to make a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought . .
If you do a good job when you take the photos, you can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
If you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect . .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, like a lot of others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude on the performance scale.
talking about technology with logarithmic curves is something novel.
There's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we chart technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where, let's say, these are the years, or a unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a demographic curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would advance as fast as microprocessors, tomorrow tomorrow could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of the technological growth of a related growth that every few years of magnitude orders.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes . .
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until it turns out something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and wondering, is, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it . .
I remember the future of the future in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So, we go back about 2.5 billion years when Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we see the way we organize those chemicals, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had floating from oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate the outside, and so the blobs grew up.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide, they used an unequal distribution of chemicals that they contain.
So every touch was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow have become better at the time of incorporating the chemicals, they grow more, they were involved more chemicals and they divide more . .
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
Somehow we don't understand these blobs, they learned to store information.
They learned to save information, that was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA . .
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that system of writing seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same system of writing . .
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 microscope of white dust that I try to hide people with airport security.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and amplified 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of the present, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a gentleman, I put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another great step happened in which things were very different, and that was that these cells started exchanging and communicating information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin, and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, were together on that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survive or failed together, or if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community, they were getting more, and they were favorable by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came together so much that, in fact, they joined and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years . .
And at that stage, we have multicellular communities, a lot of different types of cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell is not without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's the neural structures . .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community by being the responsible structures of recording, understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad, and the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system will build those information structures fundamentally accelerated the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few units, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that stick a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we become sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
Now we spend for periods similar to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a small step in that direction.
The telephone, the computing, the video tape, the CO2 and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before . .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds . .
You've seen the evolutionary example of Rio in which it produced a certain evolution with the PowerPoint program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history that I told you took took a billion years each.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next ones, the language, took less than a million years . .
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades . .
The process is feedback; I guess that automatic is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more you change, the faster it does . .
And I think that's what we observe in this curve explosion.
We see that the process is feedback.
But I get my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I job to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them differently.
I don't know that it makes each transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of T.V ., we think a level of abstraction, we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't before, gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes you employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the microseconds scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run 100 million sequences of random instructions?
Could you execute these sequences of instructions at random, execute all of those programs, and take those that are more close to what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more close to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, I could play two numbers in the right order . .
And I said,``Computers, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that do the homework better?
We put those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered by numbers.
And we're going back to reproduce them following an analog recording process to sex . ''
So let's take two programs, which will eat children, who exchange subclinical, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of producing programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
It warms up again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again, and it has another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds . .
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we end up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, weird programs.
But you get the comet . .
In fact, I know, I have the safety that you get the goal, because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of thousands of programs that do it . .
In fact, their lives depended on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Marine Ministers and he pulled out a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight .' Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand all the choices there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, so that we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're off.
And we're at an analog moment to the universal organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of inflection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me . .
And I've been running enough time to allow me to get part of my false presentation on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics . .
He's going to go out,``Remortionalize rules"; it talks about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery . .
And we're talking about 300, from a battery that Baltimores battery.
That means that battery basis effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of the game without being caught, and anybody who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't go in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three.
You know how they call a 300 battle in the Great League??
Well, really good, maybe the star team.
You know how they call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's somebody from 10 hits, it's four.
Legal -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Big League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's try this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have appendicitis and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 record in approaches.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place, and you want to be loved with two observable coronary arteries, and their family doctor is derived to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 . .
But you know something?
She's actually improving this year.
And their actions have been 25 . .
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, a nurse or a computer object??
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the emergence of a good surgeon or a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I'm included with the mandate of being perfect.
It's never, ever, make a mistake and figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I was in the medical school.
I was a corporate student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test.
Such.
I studied in my little drop, in the nurses of nurses in the General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
From my class of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the bedroom, the frequent differential diagnosis and not usual.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney assistance . .
And as much and more knowledge and more knowledge.
And I was very good . I graduated with honor.
And the medical school of medicine with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I'm excited about mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Redwood lady.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the lady Durascriptic to the emergency service where I worked.
At that point, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I was an emergency, I took a cardiologist, I got to attend that patient.
It will inform the chief of residents.
When I saw the Saudi lady, I was swimming . .
I heard a resonant sound.
And when I applied it, I listened to a broken sound on both sides, which would indicate me an congestion heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, they're filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe . .
And it wasn't hard to diagnose . .
I did that, and I went to work on the treatment I would give.
He gave him assumption and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart . .
He gave him diabetes, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he ate the first mistake; he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't put the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to be able to be able to make a computer information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention . .
I might want to be so successful and able to take responsibility, I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
By sending her to her house, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the lady Durascriptic,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think I'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I followed with my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking where my car was to go home . At that point I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service.
And there's another nurse, not the one who took care of the Drawing lady before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists are afraid also, but there's a particular in emotional, and we see the patients.
The three words are: You remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent his house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But it went back and the edge of death.
By an hour of having come home, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, the paradigms brought her to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 centimeters of Hawaii, which means a severe shock . .
I barely breathed and was blue.
emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breathing.
I was shocked and rocked up to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings, because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy, and he was waiting against every hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, next day I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And to the ninth day, they let it go . Summiest lady, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I punish me out of that and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that ashamed shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the patients and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching . .
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
That tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was a lover.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that it surrounds things, and I'm sure I wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home??
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so dumb??
Why medicine?
Little by the time, that feeling was decoding.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself where if I recorded the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices . .
And that was.
I went back to work.
But it went back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man in the throat.
I was very busy and overwhelmed . .
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little Colorado.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him home.
But while he goes to the door, he kept pointing his throat . .
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me honestly in his office.
And the three words came: You remember?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
So he came back and didn't have a strategic marketing.
He had a potentially deadly motor called epilepsy.
You can Google it . It's an infection, not of the throat, but the top air, and that can cause the fence of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
He was admired antibiotics, and he recovered the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and repetting, and then I came back and work, until over and over again and again.
Two times in the same turn of urgency, I didn't diagnose approaching.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's used to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a speech.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a radio X-ray, but it turned out, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read him liquid to refuse and asked my colleague to review it . .
And I checked it up, and when I noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated, and they recovered well.
But every single case, I was terrified.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a person.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
It's just embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the kitchen that tells me what happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I show you this so they don't commit the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a translation in my hospital inspired the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that have a result, and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person . .
We have the idea that if we look at medicine to people who commit mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, it's about a half years of disability and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical cartoonist and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program:``White Carter, Black Art, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes are going on every day, where one in 10 or 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or decoration is not right . -- in a system where international infections are increasingly more and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 channels for preventable medical errors.
American Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's a fuzzy subject, because we're not developing the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The private sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with crazy eyes and with alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always the same . .
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professionals that are prone to error, well, no one left.
And with respect, people don't want to talk about their most serious cases??
In my program,``White Art, Black Art, Black Art ,"it's a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell everyone from the paralyzed to the chief of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"and I will run the
And his students would stop, they would go back and go down the head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say,``Look, they don't commit the same mistake . ''
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a reduced medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefining physician is human, you know human, it accepts it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them . .
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out other people's mistakes not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving and loving way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to direct the system, and when this happens, they eat mistakes once.
My name is Brian Goldman . .
I'm a redesigned doctor . .
I'm a human, I'm eating mistakes.
And I'm very excited about learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week??
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a average American, is about 70 a day.
It doesn't do much, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are represented by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average , 198 jobs a week . .
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices . .
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How does the way handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today today: choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and a few solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a stick.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice.
Thank you.
Being graduate student at Stanford University, I was invented this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion I asked, why don't I buy anything?
This is the olive oil shelf.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from millennia trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Is this strategy right now to offer all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the limbs.
hallway . .
They had 347 different classes.
We installed a position to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put up there six flavors, or from 24 different tastes, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case people were willing to stop the limb?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a limb.
So here we find the opposite effect.
The ones that were stopped when there were 24, only three percent got to buy me.
The ones that stop when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of us were buying.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy wonder if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, I'll decide that we're not going to be able to be able to make it, at least it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choice of choices affects us in the right decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of day, the financial savings . .
I'm going to describe a study I did with guru Google, Emily Kampini and Wei Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available into retirement savings plans, the 411 program, devoured people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of forced funding, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you would . .
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the percentile 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, more people were involved by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon as they were more options, they were more willing to invest into market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, even though this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions -- finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're objectively getting better.
The main reason is that we run with looking at that giant variety of magnitude, mustard, vinegar and memories, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose that impressive exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse their business.
The first is, cut.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more than today, than less is more.
People always bother when I say,``Cut . ''
They care about losing space in the rent.
But actually what we're looking at is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there's a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Sherms to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Cat Corporation removed the products for cats that less people sold, the uses in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and less cost.
You know that the supermarkets of today, on average, about 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Alice and offering only 1,400 products -- a kind of tin tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to manage the choices better is David Labora's program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a security fund.
Those people really want to choose, they give them 20 funds, not 300 or more . .
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot make your customers . . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience a vaccines with everything paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the supply of Gary . .
( Bottle applause) Well, anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
No more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey??
I think it's actually going to hear more hands . .
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, that in the second one, but I can warn you and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of the choice of options, which is Constanting.
For people to understand differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must be felt very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit card cards, than when you use cash?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more . .
We did a study with sculpture and Stanford Prevident, on the world's NGO staff, who worked at innovation, these people were in a meeting where they were being caught at a 404 plan.
That meeting, that we thought exactly how it was used, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
And with this minister, there was an increase in the advantage of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classification.
We can handle more categories than choices . .
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Phoenix supermarkets, along the northeast side of the northeast, the magazine exhibition can contain from 332 different types of up to 1964 . .
But you know?
Because the classification indicates me how to do it.
These are two examples of jewelry.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Synnch . ''
If you think the one on the left is Swang and the one on the right is jazz.
Well, there are some . .
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swang, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swang . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to who choose, not the defines.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists.
What are they informing?
My fourth category: Driving complexity.
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, buying a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows you to think complete.
You have to make 60 decisions, to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that are offering each one . .
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box; four options . .
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How much involved you are.
If you've always been able to make the button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many options to a few options, they have the button by default over and over again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to choose.
Although choosing the box of changes, I'm not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, we're preparing to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked up with the process.
To sum up.
Now, I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice of choices: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; concrete, making it real -- to make it real, we can handle more categories with less options, to drive complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives -- or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful about choosing . .
And the more careful we are in our elections, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, I had to register it to the government.
You had to record a sheet of text, written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think someone could do this, so much that this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots on every page that will follow a pattern that makes you own one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one seems to be bothered by this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can get the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gold in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine . .
The mobile phone cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money . .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, huge amounts.
There are really many cases of online, multiple milliseconds, who made money with their attacks.
This is Valley Tshylic, from Tanzania, Estonia . .
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Brain Sunday . .
These are Matthew Anderson, Toronal Alabama, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it for illegal media by banking banks to steal money from our accounts when we bought online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain goes up; he's unknown.
And I say that today is more likely to be a victim victim than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attention in importance that we see today is not motivated by the money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate the opinions, they motivate them the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months by occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals who do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that attack.
And then we see cases like Diagnosis.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
December is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
Deliver the last fall because of a taste.
They suffered the security of the site and they had a cyberattacks.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders, if they were to put people's death from people because of the attack to Decidiance.
And the answer of him was yes . .
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
December is a certified authority.
They sell certified . .
What does the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with shootings, encrypted services, services like Gmail.
Except it's a certified foreign authority.
And they're going to be certified.
And in the case of Denmark happened exactly that.
And what happened in Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the crash of the building, they found many papers.
And between those papers was this folder called FINCAP.
And within that folder, there were notes from a selling company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 300,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also done to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Suitcas Shad was found -- a tree used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens . .
If you're suspicious in a criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is intercept.
They use even tools like the Spinal Scrapper to infect our computer with an idiot to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen . .
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control . .
So if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we have today, to be forever.
We rely on any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the South National Park Park.
These are my father's cows, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the Nairobi National Park.
The Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock . .
This is one that they killed at night, and so soon we wake up in the morning, and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of lions.
They're dying them are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi . .
I think there's so few at Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, in the age of six and nine, is responsible for his father's cattle and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of the lions.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve, because it even helped lions to see the state of far.
I didn't laugh . I went on.
A second idea was to use a screen . .
I tried to deceive the lions so they thought I was close to the stable.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the screens, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with a torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that's going to take up the lights.
And this is a little light of a broken flashlight.
I took everything.
As you can see, the solar cell charges the battery, and the battery supply electricity to the little Indian box, I call it a transformation . .
And the Indian box makes lights loose.
As you can see, the bulbs give out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come at night.
You know, the lights go down and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed . .
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions . .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and I wondered if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see at the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopard, and also being used to separate elephants of farm . .
Because of this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Interviewer International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even led my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the savanna of my father holding my father's cows, and I used to see planes fly, and I was telling me that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED . .
My big dream is to become an aviation of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
All the ocean . . What my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship . Richard Turner: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next one on your list??
RL: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA: An electrical fence?
RL: I know the electric fences were invented, but I want to make mine.
CA: You've tried it once, right? And you -- RL: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the Canyon . Richard Turner, you're big.
We're going to encourage every step that you do, my friend.
Thank you very much . DK: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``I can't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud . .
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim III's story, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five family members will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're laid together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase of my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child lying in his arms looking at her mother's face without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine dragged North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than one million Koreans died during famine, and only a few survived survived, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me was completely naked at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house . .
I always wondered why they had light and us not.
This is a North Korea satellite picture at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Archie river, which is the limit of North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very upset in certain points, allowing Norden to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I walked out from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was done, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and was interested in police station.
Somebody had accused me to be normal, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed . .
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer said to another,``This was a false report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese and sports police.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they're tortured, jailed or executed in public . .
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard just to survive . .
Even after learning a new language and find work, all of their world can fit in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk going into South Korea.
I started a new life again.
Looking at South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but inside, we've got to be very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through an identity crisis.
Am I supermarket or ordinary?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me pride.
Although I'm going to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the emergency exam.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korea authorities came up with some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea . .
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I loved the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost got caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was mostly standing up, and I told him that they were deaf people who were accumulating.
He looked at me, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way up to the border of Lagos.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos . .
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border illegally.
After paid and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos . .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison in short prison of the embassy of the South Korea.
I was going to go between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man will ask,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and to take them out of prison . .
I thank him with my whole heart, and I asked him,``Why do you help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the Korean people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbol is a new hope for me and for the Korean people when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Korean people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea . .
But achieving your freedom is just half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they top a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Norden an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans in the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is Central Center: screen shops, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . The wind shops, fast food, batteries.
Just like 365 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center, home of food to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to make kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than, let's say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they get out of home, see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of bought wheels and sold as cars used.
I see centers of displays hanging like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes of age and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I was planning a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet three feet . .
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grands, we put together and started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a painted group composed by gardens of all the processes, from all the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, he was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came up with me, and in summary, they gave me a little bit of a story saying that I had to remove my garden, the story became court order.
And I said,``Come on, right?
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody cares?"And then I was like,``Well, let's teach it . ''
Because this time was not going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lopez, and I talked to the competition and one of the members of Green Grandpair, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 signatures, we were successful . .
We had the victory in our hands.
My colleague even called to say that they were hanging and they adore what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more barbers.
It's 68 miles of badlands.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million tomato plants.
Why don't it look good at this?
Growing a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, you grow your own food . .
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me by others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
As an artist of graffiti, that builds walls, I embrace soils, gardens . .
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my email of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be their canvas . .
You can't imagine how amazing a sunflowers is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, a transformation of my neighborhood . .
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You'll be surprised to see how kids affect.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a aurochs.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, they were like the 13 o'clock at night, and they were in my garden, and I went out and look very high.
I, well, man, I felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear people will steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh God no, I don't fear that you'll steal it . ''
That's why it's on the street . .
That's what it's about . .
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed, that just for a moment.
So Green Grands has come to plan maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people coming, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if none of it is taught you, if you're not taught how the food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what you're standing in front of.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're trapped . I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, who doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are commissioned from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carter is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and become healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become an economic, genome, geored gardens.
We need to change the script of what is a gesture.
If you're not a garden, you're not a degree.
And that genomes take their stick?
That's their choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Microsoft pieces) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you can see.
And especially if you're riding in your bike, and these cars go through, that's not very pleasant.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to the cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to do porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all of the rain water flow into the side and you have a road that it's easy to drive, and you will not support water.
Noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is you can get rid of.
What is to get away? You see that in this room the surface stones are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that, but you can give him your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage . .
Sometimes you can create bump with that . .
Ah . He's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the damage appears in this material . .
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so only has a little amount of scary between stones.
Because of the Internet, the ultraviolet light, to the obesity, this adjacent, this baby, this battle, the glue between the rivers, will be found, and if you pick up, you're going to be microscope and separate from the added.
So, if you drive on the road, you'll take the adapted -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of self-assemble materials.
If we can make this material automatically, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean sands, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the baby . .
So we have a little bit with little pieces of steel wool in it . .
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine of induction.
The income can heat, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the baby, the brain flow through these microscopes, and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big induce machine here at stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We need to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the 1964 highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without no harm . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We managed the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our induce machine and repair them and try and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, by incorporating these fibers, using the income energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, you can even double the life of the surface, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you've got to focus first before I can show you how the repair acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woke up one morning with the sound of the video in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!!"screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy . .
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
True school.
You'll see, I was six years old when the Taliban was getting over Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a kid to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate ourselves.
Every day, we had a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it seems like we were shopping.
School was in a house, over 100 of us in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was closed by a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time . .
A total record of a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that her daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was reported.
But my educated mother became teacher . .
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite risks . .
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children . .
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated for our life and was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said,``meme, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, you still don't want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the speaker, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here to graduate in Lorenzy College . .
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was extinct from her home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate . .
He's not just getting rid of my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I'm driving it on the streets of Kabul . .
My family believes in me . .
I dream in large, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the 1980 global ambassador, a global campaign to educate women.
It's because of what Solids, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school . .
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, lawyers for them, despite and even faced with a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students . .
Less than one month ago, he and his daughter went on the way from G to his village, and literally, they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes . .
When you get to his house, they're the phone, a voice warned that if he kept sending his daughter to school, you would try.
\" Let me already, if you want ,"he said,``But not harm my daughter's future for her old and recorded ideas . ''
What I've given from Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and that she sees that the success of her own success . .
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success . .
In fact, they're often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need men's support . .
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are counted in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't sleep much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, I put them together, I see a promise future and a durable change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hopeful hope and possibilities, and every day the girls in the United States remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``daughter, resist to Gaddafi . Fight against him . .
But you never become a Gazarda style . ''
They've spent nearly two years since I had been inspired by the librarian revolution inspired by the smallpox of mass movements as much as the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other books, in and out of the country to call a day of the country and start a revolution against the Southern Gaddafi regime.
And we did . It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, providing freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to be facing the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seats of altered.
For four decades, the Harvard regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral society's moral structure.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, and I've loved a lot of other women, to rebuild the Libya civil society, demand an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Benki during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in tribal . .
After a 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Platorial Women's platform for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse guidance, to advocate for the political autonomy of the woman and our equal participation right in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the pre-industrial period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little by little, the energy of choices and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day he took up with the news of the murder of the American Embassy and the consumer attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the murder of the military.
And every day, every day we woke up with the military government and their continued violations of the human rights of the prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, became more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the creature and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya . .
The creature list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish domination of domination and exclusion, both for men as for women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the feminine values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than what elections needed, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female most than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it . .
We need to stop acting like outrage agents and call it days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not only honor, but also put in practice the mercy instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately desperately desperately needs to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that's about the intersection and the alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to a version of the Koran``Salaam"--``It's the word of the microscope God, comparative, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``Ray ,"which is known in all the ordinary traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``Ray"--``Rama"-- synchronize the feminine and maternal thing, which would fit all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the peoples have gone.
And so, just like the uterus covers the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of nuclear compassion all the existence.
That's how you say,``My mercy is all the things . ''
That's how you say,``My mercy prevents about my anger . . ''
That they were all given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an intriguing question, which has an equally intriguing response . .
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everyone does always: why do she stay?
Why would anyone stay with a man who paid him?
I'm not psychiatrists, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that will count.
I was 22 years old . I had just completed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American Express, and had a very large secret.
My secret was that a lot of times, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, tied me into the head with a pistol, charged with stickers of stone.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, a love of love, where every year millions of women fall, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm license in English University of Harvard, and I have an MBA at the Whitney Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Brune and The Washington Post.
I have almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black woman, and I drive a Minneok Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all levels of return and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a woman's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the players are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration, or, say otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or we would expect violence -- that's why domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who paste him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age . .
I was 22, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence victims than other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by partners, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States . .
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Constant on a cold and rainy night of January . .
I was sitting next to me at the subway in New York City, and I started to fight with me.
He said two things.
The first was that he was also going to be able to get rid of a university from the Institute of Iran and working on a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a kid in the field.
He had some big molecules like apples, and a wheat hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Constant made, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it on the beginning by putting in a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved it all of me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, that I put passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
It creates in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done.
And that's why the leadership in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sequence and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go back from New York and quit my dreams' work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my job and comfort and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love, which was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap . .
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react.
And this is where you go in scene, these clues . .
As we move to New England, you know, that site where Congress had to feel so safe, it bought three stories.
He had a car in the car.
Another tucked underneath the pillow in our bed and third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those clues because of the trauma that lived from small . .
I needed them to feel secure.
But those pills were actually a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already seriously danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
They were 7 o'clock in the morning, and I still had the road.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend from my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very risky . .
It had simply been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that it's a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost, and he gave me so hard in the head that I bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he joined by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Constant continued to get one or twice a week over the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought I was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or harassment at some point of their life, and the Centers of Disease of Disease reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong, deep woman from a deeply terrified man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress face their devils.
The other question everybody does is, why don't you just do it?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
This is the saddest and most painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put end to the relationship, after marching, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has become married, denial of financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to land the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend time without the man who pasted their mother.
And we still ask why you just don't go?
I was able to go, because of a last piece of paper that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told the whole world: to police, my neighbors, my friends and family, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods . .
The question,``Why do you stay? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``guilt is yours to stay ,"as if the victims we're going to choose to get in love with men who want to destroy.
But since I published``Long Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scared, they learned an unpredictable lesson of what happened to them and they reduce their lives of joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a cute and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black woman, and also that lie.
What's never going to have ever more, ever, is a charged pistol pointing into my head in someone who says I want to.
At this point, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hall, what silly was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, that they're listening to me right now, who are being battered or that they were small or that they're abusive themselves.
The abuse could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you . .
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the ticket to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and their family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future . .
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful and peaceful and peaceful and peaceful.
Thank you.
Hello . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed up like this . luckily, I've brought clothes to change . .
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they appeared, they don't have to prove now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds . .
Not everybody has that opportunity . .
These drivers are very uncomfortable; less bad I don't have to use them.
The worst part of it is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything while you cover your head . .
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing . .
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also superficial.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, he never had a boyfriend in real life.
He was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would take the back and put the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although surface and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but I'm sincere.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say,``A hunters found me, but that doesn't mean anything . .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, also we've associated it at a high and scary shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage that I've known to take for money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now show skeptics, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There are Naomi, Turkey, Joan Square, Liu Wen . .
First of all, the happy for knowing so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City said all, and each of the models in the runway, and from the 72 hired models, only 27, I mean, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people are always doing is: Can it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about it.
But then, what I would say to each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a ninja and policy surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of recreation of the magazine Voyager or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven Mercy.
Saying that you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can be solved right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your back, no longer mind what you say, you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum, I said,``Modern underwear for 10 years, people would look weird . .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos are broken.
And yes, they're virtually delayed all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bypass, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's what I was looking like to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a parachute party a few days before the photos for French Volant.
So here I am with my football team, and in the magazine I saw.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
These are creatures of a group of professionals, balls, marriages and photographers and styles, and all their help and production people and production, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20 inches, and I'm never using, except the previous pair, but the privilege that I get are the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot making money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was teenagers, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver, and he jumped into red, and, of course, they stopped us, and I got a sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from 140 teenagers that they were stopped with and registered , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't a question of stopping me?
But how many times would you stop? And when?
By research for this talk, I found out that 50 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number gets to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brighter hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what I never say in front of the cameras, which I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask yourself,``With some more thin legs and hair, it will be happier? ''
You only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most cold, the most likely women, but it's probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But most of it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to put a camera, but today I want to share with you 15 more precious photos, and I didn't go out.
There were no artistic directors, no styles, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum in the lighting.
In fact, most of them were taken by random tourists.
My story starts when, meeting in New York City to give a collection, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday, that's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take you next to New York in a pearled trip and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever denied, and fortunately, nobody has ever fled with the camera.
By then, we weren't aware of how much this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of October and we will reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses . .
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter takes new milestone, and I can see the life through his eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red pad of the wrist store that I loved in previous vision.
And I described what I'd felt at five years on that same place.
I thought he remembered his heart beating with strength when I first saw that place for the first time nine years.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York . .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are memories.
So, I want to share the idea of participating actively in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know, but apart from these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture . .
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to get closer to somebody and ask yourself: Do you take a picture??
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world . .
The bottles are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with disciplinary laughs like mentally, stupid, stupid characters . .
More recently, if you've been following the laughter, you laugh laughter, applause and alarming these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment, the parliament doesn't help prevent disease spread.
It's very hard . They're far away from extinction, and my favorite, the bottles have better presence . There are two types of bills on this planet . .
There are the New World bulbs that are primarily found in the Americas, like the challenges and the cartoons, and the old World Buddhames, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are things important? First of all, they provide vital services . They clean.
They're our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the carcasses into the bone.
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb anthrax that from not being for them to spread and causing great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bills, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge branches in disease spread.
The bills also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nieber was the symbol of the protein and the maternity, and along with the copper, they simulated the unit between the height and the Big Egypt . .
In the Indian mythology, Jaclyn was the baby god, and he risked his life to save the naked daughter of the 10 heads of the 10 heads.
In the Tibetan culture, you've got very important open sky entities . In places like Tibet, there's no place to bury dead, or wood to create them, so these bodies provide a natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the burgers?
We have eight species of bills in Kenya, which is where six are at extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife ., parallel communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bills are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bills are on the critical list of endangered danger, what it means in less than 10 or 15 years will spread, and the reason is because they fall prey from cattle consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dippane . .
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture . .
Since there are no bills, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the supply of carcasses, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rage . The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 fertilizers are going to be on the top of the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're bird crews.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bodies to serve the outbreak and the teacher market.
So what are you doing? Okay, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transmitters . .
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a problem locally isn't going to serve.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the burgers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide . .
How can you help?? It can become active, make noise . -- you can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very steep creatures, give her time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you'll be informed about the bills, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors, with their neighbors.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion, because he saw them flying without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much poorer without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I'm wearing young, but I'm not, I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we set up in Africa failed . .
And I was shocked.
I thought, at 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we touch what we were looking at.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Marketing Walls ,"was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Marian River, and we teach the local local tomatoes and cats, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't help . We were amazed that the local ones, in so fertile, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ,"`` Just time to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa grew beautifully.
We get these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato will grow at this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the empowers,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, at night, at night, at night, about 200 hypertext came from the river and ate everything . And we said to the employers,``Oh my God, the hypertext! ''
And the cameras said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't you say it?"`` You didn't ask . ''
I thought we only ate mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the mortgage.
You should see the waste -- you have to see the waste that we're given to the people of Africa.
You want to read a book, read``Dewely Death"by Damani Mountain, emotional economist . .
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused . .
Just read your book . .
Let's read it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, colonialistic missions, and we treat people only in two ways: or the sponsors, or we're skaters.
The two words come from the Latin root``kick ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Pathology, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids,``I want a lot . ''
Paradise, I treat all of a different culture as if it was my servants.
So the white ones in Africa are called``Bang ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face,``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Scottish, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, daughters alone.
This should be the first principle of aid . .
The first principle of aid is to respect . .
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can we imagine a city that's not neurological? ''
I decided at 27 years only to answer people, and I invented a system called Capitor Company where you never start anything, you never motivate anybody, but it becomes a sixth of the local passion, the supply of local passion who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
It's never going to a community with an idea, and you sit with the people of the local . .
We don't work from offices.
We got into a coffee . We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do??
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never run, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't use their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of business, which is being established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform its passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in hopes, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to move away from this descending trash that we got to tell you what to do . .
In a year, I had 27 projects on the march, and the government came to see me to ask,``How can you do that??
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very hard . .
I fell up and listened to them . . And then the government says,``Let's go back ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses . .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness.
Peter Strudwick, one of the most great corporate advisers in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drake was philosophy professor before they got involved in business, and this is what Peter Strudwick says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
planning is the kiss of death of corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy . .
You have to learn to get these people to go to conversation with you.
You have to offer you trust, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll go, you'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you've been doing this morning?
Local people . That's what you've applaud.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial fuels, not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how nutrients, we heal, we educate, we communicate, we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? The universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!!
It will be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in the 1980s, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city in New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was very cool: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to translate into the population of New York around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting stuck in manure ., so in 1860, they were looking at this dirty technology that would absorb New York City . .
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, it appeared 100,000 , 1001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scarce, factories in place places.
Delation, Michigan . Henry Ford . .
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs . .
First, you have to offer you trust.
Otherwise, they will not come to you with you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things, which is the product that you want to sell, has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and search for money alone.
There is no.
This hasn't been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Webby, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo . .
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was initiated by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``we", 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started . .
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars along their dedicated shrimp who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, somebody who will ask you, what need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell? Can you look for the money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` Would I want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
The people who surround us can help us in many ways improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we didn't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-destructive, templates and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better??
How do we share our hopes to the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds the relief with the giant robots that provide lovers, drunk and dreamer for centuries and trust in a city.
That's always given to music . There's a defeat in New Orleans, and the city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned number of properties in America.
I live near this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me . .
Their death was sudden and unexpected . .
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the lived time.
He gave him clarity to the significant things of my current life . .
But I grew up to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let you catch down the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old, new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I died, I want...''
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` before I die, I want to sit down in the line change . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was constructive, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, and I was shocked, and they gave me comfort at moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone, you're trying to understand our neighbors in new and molecular ways, and it's about giving care and contemplation, and remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and they've now been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond . .
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of increasing distraction, it's more important than ever, find ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that confers us more power.
To think of changing death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hopes and fears and stories, the people around us not only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
He's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it's getting better than some of the best speakers.
remix knows what love is.
It's what's going on, incredibly what happens.
It's not awesome . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never mind.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to provide words that I can't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
You get the most unpredictable memory.
But it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I ran in my arm during the first episode of the Texas and the birthday Lady Gaga birthday.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust the notion of normal society, they're often ignored and misunderstood.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though I wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary . .
Now for those less familiar with the term term, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every single individual, it's manifest in a different way, that Rezero is so different to Sam . .
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developmental disorders that faster increases in the world, there's no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
He was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He laughed alive and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that there was between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the benefits, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique, a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary . .
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments when I wish they were just like me . .
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality and communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normality goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some are wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to remix and Sam and to you, they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside, and honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others . .
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it should have been to be Alice in the Women's country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was scared . Startup . scared from these students with his big minds, their big books and their big words . .
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had these conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are inviting us to see their wonderful world . .
So scientists and engineers, please, simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that it is sexy and that its engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that you study the traffic, but they study the trunks, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care of the jargon . .
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to do.
Contrary, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're ways to stick and engage with their content.
And when you present their work, forget the signs of``bullet ."signs.
They've been wondering why they're called``bullet"? What do bullets do? bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's so supported in the language area of our brain, and we're overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of General Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of traffic is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and, in fact, provide graphics that take up our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some keys that can help others open the door and see the country of the wonders that science and engineering is.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, bloody with simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words across the whole Dictionary of English is``self-conflict . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``self-contributing"means``political policy . ''
Although there was an 19th century journalistic editor that defined it much better when he said,``A small sky"is the one who seeks a public charge without any matter, platform or principle, and that, when he wins, it gets it for the mere use of a monument restricted monumental . .
I have no idea what it means``respect . ''
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1971 that Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the value of a guy with Bradder Critic, who confronted Parliament.
They put him in the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to deal with them, and at the end of it had a popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase of the phrase,``steady like the metal . ''
Most of you think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and policy interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader . .
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were introduced that could have failed.
Some wanted to call it``Chief from State Washington ,"and others,``The Actor George Washington ,"and other people``Departments of The People's Liberties . ''
Not very appealing.
Some of you just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was quality.
And not even with it were monograms, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And it might have served.
Everyone gets immensely, because this debate was produced for three weeks.
He's a poor sensor, and he always wrote,``Still with this subject . . ''
What caused the delay and the way was that the House of Representatives was against Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to be pregnant.
They didn't want to call it``King"by if he was giving him to him or his husband.
So, they wanted to give them the most modest, more insignificant and more unfortunate thing that happened.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it just meant someone who predicted a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury . .
And it didn't have much more fun than the term``foreman"or``supervision . ''
There were an entire president of little colonial aid and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And so the Senate was stuck.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . . ''
\" This guy has to sign up and meet foreign dinosaurs . ''
\" And who's serious with such ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't fall.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been able to fundamentally refer to the title of President . .
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we keep waiting 223 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of President doesn't sound as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-sun vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have given the degree of grammar.
So the end won the Senate.
They got their responsibilities.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But do you know how many nations now have president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when I tell you that now are the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality is actually changing the words that what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more . .
I hear voices that speak, but mostly, that cacophony of male cough and stones matched with primitive tools.
As the others, I've got a chart of single light light attached to the head with this orange slave, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold up the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground . .
I was rescued my hand, and I suddenly remember a miners I met days before, who lost control and fell in incredible feet in that pump . .
As I talk to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole by risking their lives without paying no reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vietnam Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an integral from Free ,' an NGO that's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad -- I was honestly ashamed to ignore this atrocities of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a knot, and I went back to Los Angeles to meet the director of Free and offering my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these sites . .
A few, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would reveal dirty caps.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transatlantic slave.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent to about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can enslave entire families for general debt of $18 , 18 . .
Remarkably, slavery generates more than $13 billion a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without payment, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and forced show was like entering the old Egypt or the Denty of Dante.
Immediation in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, the entire families wrapped into a heavy policy blanket, mechanically brick in their heads, up to 18 at the same time, and they bring them from the dawn furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters . .
Disabilities by monopoly and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe disability made it to pee out pretty intriguing.
So penishened was heat and dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and, sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the ambulance that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help . .
I couldn't give you money, nothing . .
I wasn't the citizen of that country . .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on French, and working inside the system for their release and trust you would get it.
As soon as I am, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart . .
In the Himalayas, he found children running stones for miles for mountains, to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big planes were more heavy than the children who were charged, and the kids put them into their heads with heart straps made of sticks and ropes and rags . .
It's hard to make something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous??
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without payment because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were reconnected their freedom, the slaves were completely burning their houses . .
By hearing slavery, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, I was warned that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was shocked by women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few arms stairs that gave this dirty basement, a fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resusanist, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of that only seven years, are forced to entertain customers and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each point is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biosphere and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their customers.
From foot in the jungle, I remember having a sense of an extra acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no back doors.
There were no big enough windows like to climb.
Those people don't have a schooling, and because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the workforce.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black roofs of black are the father, the blues and the red, their children.
They mix dots on these big barrels and suggest the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the dye is toxic.
My interpretation told me his stories . .
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, we can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in the Volta lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense of it?
error . They were all slaves.
The kids are separated from their trafficked families, disappeared and forced to work on the world of these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking, it was a little bit of his little canoe to be a business.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees of the light trees in the lake are often catching networks and children, fatigue and fear, they fall into water to unleash the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear to his love, it's not going to flee, and as the whole life has been treated with cruelty, it's certainly treating the younger slaves under its command.
I met these guys at five a.m.
On the cold, cold night . .
And it's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village.
I met him in a shelter where I Freeze the Seattle of restoration to slavery victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life??
He's driving for a road in Ghana with planets of French, and an ambulance companion with his bowl of suddenly accelerated and spread our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it through a path to the forest.
At the end of the road, we went out of the car, and asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then I pointed out this sign, barely visible and said,``This is the way, this is the path . Let's go . ''
As we started to go down, we removed the fractions that blocked the path, and after we walk over an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photos on the picture of my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the second path ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
Many women had children tied into their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking into poison water.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat . .
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy stone bags that then they will be transported to another area where they will kill the stone so you can extract the gold.
At first sight, the site seems to be full of strong and powerful men, but if we look closer, we see the other few lucky ones and also children.
They are all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the poison for mercury in a few years.
This is Manhattan . when he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in mines.
When he died his uncle, manipulated the uncle of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the 14 years and the leg of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be messy.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and yet it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dream about being released and educated with local activists as``Free"and it's this kind of determination, face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we'll be able to witness them and we will do everything that we can to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines . These are people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives . .
There's no day that I don't think of these beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in who you see it, in people like you, and I hope that that force turns up a fire and that that fire shine light on slavery because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do applied math, and there's a peculiar problem for who does it: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We're getting rid of the values of the ballet and the classic dancers that we'll see later . .
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial fitness that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stephanian that, in his time, was a virtuous dancer.
In the last few years, a lot has been progress on treatment.
However, there are 63 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, breakthrough, rigorous weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and ultimately the only way we'll know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and close metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that out of clinical trials, they never do . It has never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a little journey to clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
You wouldn't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional way to try, you see, in some sense at least, we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Stephanian.
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal string.
It shows someone healthy while you're going to talk . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The Fox, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about time that brings a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of irregular shake from the vocal string.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal, weakness and stiffness . .
The speech becomes more quiet and used after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these based tests in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of these are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both accurate . Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, you can be automated.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
It's minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets so low, it appears at mass scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do low cost of low cost for clinical trials and, for the first time, facility for the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it's too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Initiative of Parkinson.
Together to Acumen and Patrick, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local living lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a dime, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours . .
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get out of these samples??
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at limited confusion factors in search for the real markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MK: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thailands, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: November and nine . . Well, it's a improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Littman, public . .
MK: Thank you, Tom . .
Before March of 2011, he made photographic records in New York City.
We are falling creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in mountains without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the naked models even more thin, the perfect skin even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artificial artists with many years of experience and real taste for images and photography.
On March 11th , 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan . .
A few time later, an organization where I was a volunteer, there's Hans Voliceron, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Osmakac.
It's a little fishing town in the U.K. of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The registered water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inland inside.
As you can imagine, the town was devastating . .
We take rubble from channels and dances.
We cleaned up schools . We take the slime and let the houses ready to be renewed and restricted.
We take tons and tons of fish dead, application, the local factory.
We were scared and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and lawn pictures and cameras and DVDs.
They all did the same thing.
You'll pick them up and take them to different places of the people around them.
It wasn't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they went out of the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help at a town's education center.
It helped clean up the common bathrooms the huge ones, giant bathtub.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the evaporation center collected photos.
And there were the honor, and I had the honor that that day trusted me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard of the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I get through my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some that had more than a hundred years old still were in the lab, I couldn't help you think about how to fix that trait and repair that garbage and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strange, but where the water had declined the face of the girl should fix with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the store.
Over the course of time, they came up with the most sort of pictures, and they needed more retrofits, so it went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people from 12 countries offered to help.
By two weeks, I had 150 different people to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Kirital, a neighboring village in the north of Cambodia.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that you've been able to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the presence of the photos.
It could make an hour . . I could make weeks.
I could make months.
This little little girl had to draw a hand by using the area of the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures that are underwater in saltwater, covered from bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of it together with the step of the time, and I'm going to destroy them, so clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pull the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been recycled by his owner.
We were lucky with the hands.
We've got an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to harm the photos even more.
As Gwen once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes . .
The woman who brought us these pictures had luck in relation to the photos.
He had started to clean it out, but he stopped realizing that the damage even more . .
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been rebuilt, we were able to flap the images into a single picture and pull the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures, he shared some of his story with us . .
A few colleagues from his husband found the photos in a firemen station between the very far very far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The tsunami day, his husband was the urge to close the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photos his younger son 14 years old . .
For her, despite all of this, those photos were the best gift I could do, something that he could just look back at, something that I could remember from the past that hadn't been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan, the volunteers had joined us to A hundred hundreds of them helped us clean up by hand more than 13,000 photographs the great majority -- -- most of the great hands of their owners . . .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families of completely respected, respect photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in print for printers.
We take photos constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone loved.
They're guardiars of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we're going to look for.
It was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection with the past . .
When a picture like this is back to someone, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the retrofition.
Some of them connected to something bigger, they would return something, using their talent for something that are not significant skin models.
So I'd like to read this email, and I submitted it the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As it was broken, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images . .
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from grandmother to the small little girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, my mother, my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Education inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in an exhibition of just one million seconds . .
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph: the teacher, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray, and really challenging the idea of camera.
If you take a laser pointer and you get it, and you go off in a million or a second, in a number of females to create a pack of photons of just one millimeter.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shot on this bottle, how do those photons unfold inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a nanotechnology is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't apply this research . They occur to a lot of things in this movie, to download this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it and, inside, starts shooting.
Part of the light is beaten, it goes at the table, and we start to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the top and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble that bounces inside . .
At that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflections are concentrated . .
Now, if you take a common and current bullet, and we make it take the same distance, and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think we would sit down to see that movie??
One day? One week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion . .
And how about testing dead nature?
You can see the waves that are producing from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond . .
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a memory at once, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that as the light gets out of the tomato, it's still bright . It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the ties inside it, and it goes back after a number of billions of a second.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phones, they will be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is ripe without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it gets very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so just come into some light.
We send that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astute synchronization, we take those data gigabytes and we engaged it to create those membranes that I showed you.
We can take all of that raw data and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners??
The idea is that we could throw something out of light on the door, rebound, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, is our female.
Behind the wall there is a manifest, and we'll bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Naturency.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our family, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So, we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, and we'll try to analyze the multiple light robots, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going on the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build epidemics that are able to see the inside of the body by holding colors, and the same thing for snails.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists so that they start thinking about photography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
As Dr. Education, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of surrounding photographs.
I realized that all of the data gigabytes that we collected is not just scientific visualization, but we can be able to do it.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves . Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few billions of second.
But here's something funny here.
If we look at the waves underneath the lid, they get away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appear to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion . .
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, get it to University and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm an 1984, and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protected by a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people who are gathered in search for a change, they had a mobile phone.
Who from the present have a mobile phone here?
Leave them.
Raise your mobile phones, get them!
Plant them . A Blackberry, a Blackberry, a wow .!
It's a lot . Almost all of you have a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about my mobile phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 800 lines of information.
The raw data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive . .
The database Director.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider from all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information of users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who . .
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or the Internet provider.
And all of Europe people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data collection.
We want the deforestation in the digital age, and we don't want the phone providers and the providers of the Internet store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to Berlin streets and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some people even say this would be the 2.0.
The statue was the secret police of East Germany . .
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone??
So I asked my phone, Steven Telephan, that at that time, was the largest phone company in Germany, that please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to it, and I didn't get a concrete response . I was all white, blah . .
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're protecting my life . ''
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Stung Telephan said no, we will not give you this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
It would take the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand inch lines of information.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's an enormous file . OK.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive . .
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public . .
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, next to Zero Online and Oregon Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back and go backwards and forwards . .
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Frank on train to colony, and how often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they're called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on Berlin streets, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone.
And the Starrs had known who involved in this protest, and if the Starrs had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in contrast, not the fall of the Court of iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home, tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, which is not moving.
When you go home, give your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Maya Zaparehland and I'm not a drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, accountable to the poor of me in the process . .
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I'm shaking all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
and Muhammad Al . .
The P C. is not genetics.
It's not ordinary, it can't be.
No one was wandering my mother's uterus and I didn't put it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Go out.
Christmas shots, they're in the mall mall, drive in circles for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled . .
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P C. is just one of them.
There was a opportunity of oppression, and I would win gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey . .
If you don't feel better, you might have to do it.
I'm from Park Children, New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can do it . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I clean.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents would demand the school system and make sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum note, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my talents in his feet and just walking . .
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I'm going to pursue it.
The scratch that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that has received many hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they keep all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and the politicians thought appropriate to use``hate Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that died of hunger during the branch.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three of the entire months without eating, so I'm going to help from dawn when you're going to be very easy.
I was dancing in Broadway . .
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a little bit, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war, because my parents were afraid if we didn't go back to Palestine all summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation often, my father was trying to heal me, so I drink milk milk, they put me warm cups on the back, I stood up on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a standard comedian that I couldn't get on foot.
And now I can hold in your head . .
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no sleep was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital general . .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the EU, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all of the issues.
It was like the pets of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the E.U . decided to do a work called dancing dancing in Jackson . .
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming the four winds,``In the end, I'll have a role!!
I have cerebral palsy!
On the end, at the end!
Thanks to God Almighty, I'm free! . ''
I didn't get paper . They gave him Sheikh Brown.
I went up to the head of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, ask why and she told me that because they believed it couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes, it can't be the character . ''
It was a role for which he had literally been born and gave it to an actor without cerebral palsy . .
The university was imitating my life . .
Hollywood has a short story of hearing actors without disability papers.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first active tour was kind of like a telephone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be account from``mate ,"to``better friend"to a sanitation.
Instead, I stayed there like a vase, I didn't see it more than the night, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors were not hired, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldberg, Rose Barry, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy.
That's why I made a humble . .
In my first tour, I took New York City famous comics to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell in the account that he was at high speed on the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had cerebral palsy . .
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know that you never heard that little little robot that says that women are not fun, and they find ourselves very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York Council Committee Festival, now in her 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in media media, and to remind them to the repair directors that subtle and Arabic are not synonymous.
integrating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was an invited to the cable news program with Keith U.N. .
I walked in as if it went to a graduation dance, they dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live!
So, I was clinging to the desktop, so I wouldn't get out of the screen during the screen, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and proposed it . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Ultri came back to me, but I was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something funny I learned in direct with Keith Union was that people on the Internet are Scottish.
It's said that children are cruel, but they never get fun of me and girls.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became a brick object.
I see online clips with comments like,``Why is it simply? ''
\" Is it retreated? ''
And my favorite:``Poor biological brilliant . .
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: guided, comedy, parallel . .
Disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone at a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yes, clap, man . Come on.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most underestimated in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media, I don't think I was.
I hope together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet . .
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children well.
My typical journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet of the Telephana Lucy telephones and the cute Lub Arts . .
I got to act in a movie with Adam Salman and working with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews . .
You put the world together,``Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was desperate in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the 2008.
And I founded``The Children of May ,"a charity organization to give children Palestinian refugees a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live, and I read this talk to her memory.
[ Discovery], Dad.
I call me Maya Zaparehland, and if I can, you can also . .
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small town south of Somalia.
This town is near Mozart.
drought drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the initiative.
Without it, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mobilevan, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Mozart.
After maybe one year, nothing.
One day you're approaching a gentleman who offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a degradation of people who give him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They present to a young man.
He finally married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, it bursts a car . .
That little boy from that little town with the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people went to the Shah, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda . .
So how did the story of a child in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that took him out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of marginalized, young urban young people who are destinating riots in Johannesburg, descended riots in London, who look for something beyond``waiting periods . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, to be the history of 2.0 cities.
And in my hometown, Mozantolera , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mozart last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born . .
I remember being at that hospital encrypted hospital thinking, and if I'd never gone?
What if I was forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to hold a young leaders in a corporate culture . .
They came to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Allen . .
He went to Mozart University, graduated . .
There was no work, no opportunity . .
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate, unemployed college, it was the perfect white target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him . .
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
Adam saw an opportunity and take it off.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started beating motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of her family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years . .
Why is this story different?
What does this different story do?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It takes young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking at so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohamad, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the cave of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you're going to be plastic sent from the foreign.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of flated landscapes and design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing TV and lightweight, who said, could survive the hard climate of Mogadishu.
And he started the supply of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on creating the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, like he says, smell the properties.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, work for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They created business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a computer spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to do their ideas.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support of the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
They put a little kid out of the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: turn young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and you'll have more stories about flowers and parks of Peace than bus and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains, an agent agent in the state of New York . .
It was a beautiful day . .
The forest filled.
The sun made the sheets glow like a viral, and not to be on the path that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to run that land.
We get to our camp . .
It was a shed in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, from about four square meters with high-profit heads of paper, aluminum balls, and old married . .
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns who were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question went on with me, and he got a little simplified.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where they put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Sanitary Health Department, our trash, to reason from 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more . .
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now not just travel in trucks . I drive them.
And he operated the mechanics and bars the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everyone asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as pervasive as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you used quickly.
It costs a lot to use weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept holding the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and they're walking around you.
They just want to pass, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless garbage.
When you get out of the way and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic, because I really believe that waste collectors are the most important workforce on the streets in the city, for three reasons.
They're the first practitioners of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste and effective waste every day, this starts to destroy from their containers and their inherent dangers threaten in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries are going back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new, so the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just to be your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed . .
With it, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or take our coffee cup, our stored bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will be made of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their job, I think, is almost literature . .
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And their work allows us to do our own . .
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left by ourselves, of our own waste, our desires, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I listened to a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled journey as I did every Wednesday.
And I tried to thank her to do his job that particular day, but I started crying . .
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be right.
We're going to be right . ''
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection and went back to the man.
It's called Paul, we worked together so many times and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Pauling was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts because it's going to be the way we exist on this planet as we exist on this planet, we have to include and realize all costs, even the very very real human cost in the labor.
Musical waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic . .
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see somebody whose work is to clean up the trash of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community life by being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives will become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa . .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to walk out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy to get a lot of energy because of crystals to generate heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, his appearance has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia . .
It's a penis trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the old market that is this free air structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a building, many stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate at an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this is spread with an attractive atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building that gets adopted, by its own shape and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how to close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a situation similar to a charity of concrete with drilling to allow the air input, and also light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dresses.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little preconceived pieces that are the windows that allow the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is completely completed with these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we ask . ''
But in particular, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall in the mall, because at the end of the mall, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic, not just because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary air.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve power for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographers on the ceiling.
And then under those panels we thought about the ceiling as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these dots on the ceiling, which are together collecting water for interior health.
It's expected by the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan from 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project that big, the biggest one that I've designed, I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, its tradition and the culture . .
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was expand the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these packets with courtyards, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and lower density on the low plant.
And it also reflects this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like responding to the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make the activities like running a mile race in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture, looking for simple, affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between community and environment and that have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child joined our class . It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls.
He had great amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencils, cute . It was strong for the state capitals, very good for interrogation.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I tried my sinister plan.
One day, I had a time after the school exit . I was a little afternoon and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took from my teacher's table the book of my teacher.
And then I did.
It adds the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some like this.
All the things . And I was going back to the book, but to see, some of my other classmates had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows of God and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could ...
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that everything was relatively obvious.
They never discovered.
But most of all, I'm sorry the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for interrogation.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy . .
They're so mysterious and so penishened.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of colleagues in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that supports loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So, you've got to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the hairs are studied in all their possible shapes . .
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have no literature . .
Well there wouldn't be Helen the hell, and there would be``Odyssey . ''
There would be no hot king, no``The thousand and a thousand nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare . .
You would disappear the reading list of high school reading, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Force ,"no``Gates"or``Party"or``Party . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Prostead has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the jealousy, almost you have all.
This year , 100 years of his masterpiece,``In search of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also from ordinary competitiveness, mine, everything we could have, and thinking about Proust, we have the mental details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a manageron in a handle on you.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot how relentless it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woody said were as hard as a cat crew.
I don't know how the cat spread is, but we assume it's surprising.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy -- the jealousy and Portugal.
Is it going to be very obvious as the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their implications, are a pretty solid narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being a storyteller and the audience, we know exactly what details to include, to block the knife, right?
The jealousy makes all amateur novelists, and that's something that Product understood . .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Prostate says that every fresh charm that Sun stops in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sun and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Project's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it . .
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right?
The jealousy is autonomous . .
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it . .
And what is the jealousy?
The jealousy is nutrients of information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The jealousy likes the great amounts of bright hair and the cute little bit of pencils.
The jealousy is nutrients.
That's why Instagram is so successful, it was probably round the language of the link of the jealousy.
When Sun is in its jealousy agony, suddenly listen behind the doors and bribe the snakes of his lover, then defending those behaviors . .
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Now, I'm trying to prove that the jealousy is trying to show that the jealousy is interpretative, and they make us seem absurd, but in their own, they're search for knowledge, a painful truth . In fact, what Proust concerns, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the tracks to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman whom we need, that makes us suffer in us a range of much deeper and more vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that jealousy reveals ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed our aging, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look with intense intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would deceive it.
And Freud says there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Is it too much, or do you accidentally laugh with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the challenge of his wife's unconscious . .
The novels are very good at this . .
The novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, the more we become the residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the jealousy leads us to make violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us to behave completely ignored ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 52-year-old woman who was 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sending visible, horrible messages for a year.
For one year . A whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, it reacted with admiration . .
Because we're realistic.
What enormous, unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel of patience.
Higo is one of my favorites . .
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``Strange in a Tree"and``The talented Mr. Rita"and books that are trying to do the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be perfected in an instant.
Take Tom Rita, his most famous character.
Tom Rita is going to want or wanting what you're going to take away from you and to be able to get what you ever had, and he's under the floor . She responds to your name, it takes your rings, you cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rita . .
I can't give you God to everybody, as long as I sometimes want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
The novels show us the exit? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to the 212 of Baker Street, and we ask a question for Christopher Hollywood . .
When people think about Dutch, think about the curse of the Marine Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always wondered,``To the Institute, the chief face of Scottish Team, who needs Hollywood desperately, needs the genius of smell, but it's annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar ...
Lesbia needs its help, but it's resistant, and it's built with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Seven Napoleon adventure ,"once Dutch enters all of his solution, Lester comes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Thomas . .
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Yared who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Dutch translated in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Dutch is on the opposite side of Lesters.
The next minute they're on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesbor is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple??
What if the jealousy is really a issue of geometry, just a question of where we can be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like congestion plans.
So while we're waiting for that, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort.
Only the fiction destroys the jealousy.
The fiction used to be the domesticated, invited them to the table.
And look at what you add: the sweet Lester, the terrifying Tom Rita, the Louis Guard, the same Marcel Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11, and he went down on the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray surface gray was the culmination of a compelling process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
People died, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo software program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, from which Aldrin after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 382 kilos of old rocks, and something that 24 emphasize later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 are given a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why would you turn it into our target??
And you could also ask, why would I scale the highest mountain??
Why fly on the Atlantic?
Why do I play Rice against Texas??
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Point: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the East War.
In time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis . .
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and remove smallpox.
The technology seemed to be able to have what Alvin Tomoppic in 1970 called``acceleration force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing boat, but in 1969, Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10 crew, and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that technology will solve like going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population, seems to be intractable.
I remember watching the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the straight escape tube from the rocket Saturn V . .
I knew that this would be the last lung mission, but I was completely certain that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that``something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time . .
We heard it over the last two days here at TED.
It looks like technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things . .
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust you have created less ambitious companies than the years that Intel is funded, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits, in concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the venture of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their long point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments, tiny investments that they could go out 10 years . .
The CSI has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and which development is long-term . They have never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biodiversity -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than biodiversity.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties to increase the development of an alternative energy: mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we'll see an American energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus . .
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famine is a result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there were bad governments . .
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seems to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we must, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it has to be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, meets those criteria.
But it's a predictable model in the future . .
We're not in 1966 . .
There's no galaxy competition like the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy and the dangerous and the dangerous, and there is no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned to the moon.
I was just three days . .
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't have challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start telling you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three . .
The first one is a collection: there's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the recession, the goal, and the task have been involved . .
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recession, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has declined?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm involved to think that it can be decreased in some activities or institutions and that I could have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were destroyed 20 years ago, primarily journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust . .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses . .
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this enough evidence??
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions . .
What else can you record??
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Do you trust the vegetables??
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You would probably start by asking,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust in some, but in others not . ''
Which is very rational . .
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of official, functionality or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases . .
I could, for example, say I rely on a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in no way to drive school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not maybe to make a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differentiated, why do we let all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think that polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to force the good judgment in the fact of trust something or someone.
Secondly, what about objective?
The goal is to have more confidence . .
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue.
I would be more confident in what it is about trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a party of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who have their savings with the very closely named Mr. Macodology, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life . .
Confident confusion or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say that, it says, yeah, worth, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about doing a trial about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a worthy of trust . .
But if they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but it doesn't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten . .
I have friends who are very sure you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible, but extremely dishonest.
If it's like that, I haven't yet noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before you trust.
Trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness is what we need to judge . .
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should . .
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than you can do . ''
And we found the same problem in our entire public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and confidence testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of people who have to do difficult tasks, like the parties, to demand that``market the box ,"as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we're trying to be trusted and transmitted to the people that we're trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trustworthy . .
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not properly done.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, puts things into the backside.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness . .
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we're given other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give you enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually, all people, all the time.
But you've also got to bring out the evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the ordinary people do, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store, where I buy my socks, says I can get them back without giving explanations . .
I take them and get my money back, or I'm changing it for the color that I want . .
That's great . I trust them because they become vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that . .
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not very difficult to fire.
What people rely on is relationships, and in that framework, you can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a touch screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody . .
But I wonder, what if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong print against the screen takes his physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers break.
But the two hands are still outside of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands?
In the Apple Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor City Mourtneau, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As the windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book from a shelf.
You can throw the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's down from every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we get into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Remote Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simple, what we did was address gravity and control movement by combining magnetic levitation, mechanical reasoning and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and reproduce and remain forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like planets, physics, and, unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than change the physical part of computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but starting to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungari, China, in the 1970s . .
When I was in the first degree, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a certain path toward happiness: safe work and regular work.
No matter whether the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the artwork, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the principal of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult, I would give up the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
I'm afraid, that during the rest of my life, a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another calling.
Anybody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to books.
[" Works Complexitory"] [`` Leathes of History"] [`` Leaders of History"-- I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" Good Earth"is about Chinese championship life.
And it's not convenient propaganda . I understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange . .
That's a topic for another day . .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honoring your father and mother . ''
\" Honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this conference trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
It brings a lot of perspectives . .
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I've never occurred, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map means the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, he offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought, if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books at two.
You can try to do``Benjamin Franklin"by Walter McChool, who were involved in a same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual . .
For the Buddha, they are all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The path of China Tzu"Thomas Watson] [`` The Path of the Horse ,"instead of losing me on translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``joy joy ."Wow!!
And``girlfriend"in China literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present . .
I know it will not be feeling alone or powerless never.
Having a really challenging dream is not really compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that realistic is not the only purpose of a dream.
The most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from.
Until a distorted dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always join them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley . .
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using cowboy and a hoodepped pad, he stood on the couch of my office, and he took off the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men . .
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a bird as a first client.
And I took a summer I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, I became easy to move the head while we cut the solution.
\" The three are the new 20s ,"Alex said, and so I saw, she was right.
You start to work after, you get married, you have children later, to death happens afterwards.
For windows like Alex and I had time to go.
But shortly later, my supervisor pushed me to push Alex to speak about her love life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, he's coming up with guys under his category, it takes up with a headache, but it's not like it's going to marry it . . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, but maybe it's married with the next one . .
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it gets married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20 . .
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the futures of clothing everywhere.
There are 50 million strains in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without going before the 20.
Hands up if they're in your 20s.
I want to see the verbs here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with veins, you love a warning, you take off a dress, I want to see . It's fine . It's fine . It really matters.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and``Aha!"that give her life will have happened when they're 30 and so on.
People from more than 40, don't panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how much money they win . .
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage growth in its 20s, and it's repeated for adulthood, meaning that if there's something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during its 20 than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 is the moment to educate on their body and their choices . .
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and the attachment in the brain . .
It's a moment when your everyday and common life has an impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what versions are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists get ridiculous names to the versions like``Titanic"and``blood . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tradition that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you put a brush on your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart sentences, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know that my boyfriend isn't good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing . . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while you start a race before 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are to finish, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music came off and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30 . . ''
Where are the windows here??
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but they don't mistake, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the three and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a partner, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and very stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
There are a lot of tricks and mountains look at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the 20s are doing and thinking . .
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma . .
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or in entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter . .
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition . .
And even though we live about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then she lifted himself to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried during almost all the hour.
He had just bought a new book for a director, and he had spent the whole morning filling it with her many contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that goes on after the words,``In case of emergency, please call...''
I was at the point of history when she saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me? ''
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really cared about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I was working with Alex and just sit down as the decisive decade of Emma went ahead.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all veins, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that it would forget about that identity crisis and get an identity capital.
For an identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates of identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interested, from that company that you want to try.
I'm not displaying summer exploration, I'm distracting the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's practice.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are covered.
The best friends are great to get to the airport, but the versions that come together with friends with mental minds are limited in how they know, what they know, how they think, how they think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out almost always come from outside their nearest circle . .
The new things come from what they're called faint friends of friends' friends.
Yes, half of the 20s have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak ties are the way to collaborate this group.
Half the working jobs never published, so you know the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
The last but not less important, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as a summer, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a partner and form his own family . .
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you get you right now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what it is that they want instead of just making it work or kill a time with whoever you do.
So, what happened to Emma??
Well, we looked at that conductor, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state . .
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with . .
Now, five years later, it's special organizational events.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
I loved her new career, love his new family, and I send a letter that said,``Now, emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The dresses are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which come out somewhere in the west . .
Just before the takeoff, a slight slight in his trajectory makes the difference between landing Alaska or Fine.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good destination, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the dresses you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what now I have the privilege to say to verses like Emma every day: The three are not the new 20, remember their adulthood, get identity capital, use your weak links, pick your family.
They're not allowed by what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky: the document . .
I went to show them mathematics to separate students in New York City public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks . .
When the work came back, it calculated grades.
What called me the attention was that IQ was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have C. Americans.
Some of my smartest children weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, digital, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure more ways.
It's the CIA, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Milky West Point.
We try to predict what the ones would remain in military training and who would retire.
We went to the National Department of Delation, and we tried to predict what children would advance the farthest possible in competition.
We studied the children working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking ourselves what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students' learning?
We associate with private companies, wondering, what of these marketers are going to maintain their jobs??
And who's going to make more money??
In all of those very different contexts, it came up with a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q . .
It was the determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to join their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questions, and then I waited about more than a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that the more kids with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I put them in every feature I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only at West Point or the National Defense contest in which the determination is, it's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that you know about the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethical job?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term?? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the detection is not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Decade, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort . .
Dr. Dewey has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't believe that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I'll end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a daughter of a calcium, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing beauty, shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems as impressive as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can take this wall out, so whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new, rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today, I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open up your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth . .
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a straight way,``August!!"-- I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the shape of the flame, but I like to believe that it's the other way .: that's going to work . .
This is a tree.
Tree tree tree tree tree tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors from a song in the old West . .
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's``to follow . ''
As the old adage said, two are company, three are crowd . .
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying``was like this . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped . .
It's a prisoner, like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest . .
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames . .
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning . .
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flash . .
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . American . .
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions . .
Did I touch, did you have somebody at home??
This person is getting hidden from a door, climbing, evade . .
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing . .
Three women together, they're careful.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters . .
By using this method, the first eight radios will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 . .
So with every small effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred of characters, which is the same as a eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan . .
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person . .
The character on the left is two mountains lying on one another.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employers would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Wizard magician together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months . .
His favorite character was Glanda, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand . .
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of child fantasy shows.
However, Oz's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took a fourth years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonists, a metal kid and a hairy kid rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guard.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples . .
But I think that if the Wizard magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Oz's salvation like the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military generated armies of the evil wall.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about Oz is that the most heroic, wise characters are women.
I started to notice this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supervision level had gone down . So he stood up in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but, ironically, absorbs everything.
I wonder what perceived.
Would you be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is an army to defeat government?
So we're going to compare this with the Orze Office of 1939.
How do Dorothy win his film??
And doing good guys with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow Oz, right? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus . .
And I know for experience that the legal princess doesn't provide the right frame that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who is blended . -- I believe that at the time of the first kiss, I really expected the credit that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My quest has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the princess of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them . .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely and Henry and Kansas, but they stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues in classic after classical after classical after classical, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raise a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, eventually it came out.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Do you remember what the critic said when I went out brave?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!!
Well, almost none of these movies is going through the Beijing test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been roots, and it's already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alisa Beck is a comic board, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be done: In film, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the kid who you like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie, Arabic.
Right? Russians from Oscar, alcohol success, a consensus idea of what's a quality Hollywood movie.
It's practically not the test of the vehicle.
And I don't think it should be, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the regime crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Are you going to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Eleven . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a greater number that is going to spread this room . .
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in his life . .
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that . .
I don't believe that music or pornography videos are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things that I think is that there's a lot of sexual farming . .
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning??
What do you don't learn?
Are you looking at the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we looking at that story??
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a police spin, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask, do I have a power to protect if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I'm primarily talking about parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the alarm.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from Star Wars know what he said?
Obama . .
Obama Kenya and Glaming . .
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress . .
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential . .
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son . .
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son,``Go and fight only more stories where you see that his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like Oz's magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on Maine's shores because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells . .
They're covered of sand, and it's hard to see them.
Yet, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of past and archeology.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length alongside the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used the satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Island, lost for thousands of years . .
Internet was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the FBI, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Internet was located somewhere near the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this enormous aluminum.
This area is enormous, it's about six miles away.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Indian side, and as it changed over time, it moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape??
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA technology to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of the Island . .
So we collaborate with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see here.
When I say show, it's like the ice sample, but instead of climate change layers, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five feet below a thick layer of mud, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Island, five feet below, we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years that they do the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is International.
We also find a job of performance -- corner, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We're not found yet, but we're going to go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, I was probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vaccines.
There's nothing like that on Earth . .
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 . .
They made ideas really happen in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found out from high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective . .
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that he's done . .
Now you see a group of obese objects in bicycles.
They're competing in a noise of bicycle, and they're going to address their gate door.
I need to see this really.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house . .
There are bicycles flying all over the place, the wheels that go on to your side, the wheels of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the lobby, the hallway, or whatever there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The light shines on the Mobile Monetary . .
It's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks . .
You can feel your blue hair making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats, and you can smell that's about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and get into their living room.
Now in the room, and doing a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears . .
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of the center, singing``Hittin One Mary One .".
Now take the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow bricks, and from the oven come to you Dorothy, the Man of Alabama, the Spain and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"grabbed from hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise store.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of the order of a deck of shoes.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise . .
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've been trained to perform these miraculous merchants of memory using some ancient techniques by using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that they used Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard of this before? ''
We were standing out of the room of the competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit creepy, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a live lifestyle deck in national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
So do you have to start for something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't sometimes work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.U.
He's kind of human, very likely for the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome . .
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peer . he was based on the Duke Hoffman role in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in Salt Lake City, memorizing phone guides; it was Centella . .
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory, over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and cultured memory was not as rare as it can seem to us today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds beautifully.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have culturally changed, and I would say that they have changed it as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of trained, disciplined memory is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Would you like to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or remarkably different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that compare them.
When they put them into a MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and snowflakes, found that in memory champions were lit up from the brain, different people.
They actually used, or seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this??
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as a armed career where every year someone comes up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must put a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 shuffle bars that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 424 random binary digits.
Yeah.
And while there's a great amount of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call``electronic coding . ''
It's illustrated with a paradox known as the``Baker"paradox . [Babylon] says the following: I tell two people that remember the same word . I tell you,``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his cliff . .
And then I ask you,``Remember, there's a battery . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Do you remember that word I told you a while ago? ''
\" Remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker, it's a little likely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his job is``bathroom . ''
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you . has no relationship.
With all the other memories that they dance on their head . .
But the word,``bat"-- we know baker . .
They use white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work . .
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started to put a little bit of active footprints to fish them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as``memory palace . ''
The story says this: there was a poet called similarities that attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, he didn't get to a DJ, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and she marched, and so soon it went, the bank of the bank was collapsed.
killing them all.
But it's not only killed to everybody, but it destroyed the bodies to give them unrecognizable.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other . .
Similarity, standing outside, single survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes, and realized that with his mind's eyes, I could see where every invited.
I took the family's family, bringing them back to where their ones were loved between rubble.
What Sergio warned at that time is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we are good to remember names or phone numbers or words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exciting space.
If I asked you to retreat the first 10 words of the story I've just told you about from similarities, it's very likely to be very difficult to do that.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the brown horse in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory's palace is to create this building with your mind's eyes and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, deliberate, thick, spark is the image, more unlikely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work??
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, in the same way that Cicero had done if you'd invited it to Temperature 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're in your door.
And to figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely installed competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the monster of the cookie of the cookie on Mister Ed . .
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook . .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then you go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek Greeks, which means``place . ''
It's a research of when people thought about the heart and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms.
The phrase``first place ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palazzo.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea to write something outside this culture of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting there taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school ad bought on a pulses market.
And I found that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's really about doing is getting more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, comics, provocative images, instant and insulin insults, in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked with this . .
This is me, using my standard team training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security goggles covered with tape, just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same contest as I had covered a year earlier . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory newspaper experiment.
I thought this could be a good impact for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control . .
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works . .
And you don't need to be able to build memory sticks or memory shuffle, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's a gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The measure of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of attention that most people don't walk around.
But the reality is there's no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, is what E.S, the weather who couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence in the Blackberry or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side, will we be so dangerous that we don't even bother processing deep?
First of all, I learned that there are amazing memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that remembers to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes . .
It's a complex issue, so we'll just try a complex place: New Jersey . .
Because 30 years ago, I'm from E. Jersey, I was six and alive there at my parents' home in a village called Linking, and this was my kid's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time watching the telly . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all saw me, and every time I was telling me and I went back into a towel, everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house . .
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or division of zones, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
So , 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot . .
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I'm excited about:``power ,"`` power"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it to be based on a building building 2,500 years ago by Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destination that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the planners and the governments, always fear innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Living Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round of round, columns, red brick, that let you train what Vivian is trying to communicate with this building: children, property values, history . .
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was finished, that looks like this . .
It's in Seattle . .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new techniques, new solutions for today's life forms.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we get completely from people.
All of the black, this depressed us, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those beautiful symbols.
So we do, and we're all happy, but we feel like transistors, so we started to experience again, we make the pole back forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we went out from the 1970s . .
Architects were busy experimenting with so-called Brazilian.
It has to do with the concrete.
You can guess that.
Small windows, in disappearant scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up to 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We pushed the pendulum back in the other direction . .
We take those ways we know, and we update them.
We add together and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it . .
We don't go up.
We take Christian weapons and turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval castle made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in hearing and colorful . .
The wires became columns . .
The mushrooms grew up until the size of buildings.
crazy.
But it was the '80s, that was great . .
We all spent the time in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens with popularity.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreated memories from elsewhere.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects are frustrated, and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction . .
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy.
We cut out the historical symbols; we now have new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions -- some ways that are crashing against other ways.
This is academic and pregnant, and it's super popular; you're totally excluded . .
Normally, the pain is going to go back in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is embedded . .
It's the Guardian of Bilbao, Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gulf said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academics and public in general, were completely agreed on a building.
The New York Times raised this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased a 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinoids . .
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous worldwide?
And it happened, because the media was computed around them and quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes . .
The same thing made the world's major mayors.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennium happened with other star architects.
He happened to Zamanian and Libbards, and what happened with these little elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media started increasing the speed of consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The speed technology . You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we all are architecture photographers, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because the architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know what I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the media is applied to media, it starts getting faster and faster, until it's going to be in both of them, almost in simultaneous, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was invented.
This is the center of a town called penguins in Fire Island, in New York State.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like the exact product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes corruption with collective memory, and by taking these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Vivian.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet to search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Vivian, to the people of Living, and tell you that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this . .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use regular words and complicated drawings, and you're not a broken audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you're not left by architecture.
That means that the lens of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to the buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Second can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red bricks based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are dealing with nature's whims and not contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve for sports or yoga, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River in New York City, and to raise half a million dollars from the community attached around that cause, is no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of king, as muscular and fibrous as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build . .
Architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they're shaped to the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned up a year and he started walking.
And it does this very cool, typical way of the children of a year, shaking, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
He laughed and chair, and it gives himself those big and large kisses.
It's beautiful . .
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think,``When do you do this? ''
How are we suddenly not about our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look for Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is eBay, it's 13 and he lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit . .
It's Sunday.
It's preparing for next week in school.
He's got a bit of fear, it's a little confused, because even though his mom tells you all the little bit that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you that it's ugly.
Among what his mom says, and what his friends, or fellow in school, says, doesn't know who believe.
So, a video of her, it's published on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, eBay has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you carrying them to do this??
Well, the teenagers today are never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, speaking, fighting, giving me``like ,"I like, sharing, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
We've never been so connected before, continuously, instantly, so young.
As a mother told me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's just no privacy . .
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are unstoppable.
This environment, of being always connected, is holding our children to automatically be based on the number of``I like"that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most frightening thing in someone's life, what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration??
Well, you can see the kind of images that are removed from the news of girls now.
Street models continue to dominate our passports.
The technique technique is now a routine.
And trends like: #short, #Diagram and breaking.
For those of you who know it, it means properties.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people compare.
But kids are not immune to this.
You know, like the supermarket stars, and the remote singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer . .
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and controllers to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's irrespective of what these young people really weigh . .
So, so that it's clear, we're talking about as you see, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is debilitating academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
The teenage teenagers do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more healthy diet than you can bring them to food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have higher rates of matter.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy . .
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity would be?
This potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that??
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not just.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key ways: the first is that we have to include trust in its own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we must make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is family influence, friends and relationships.
These six ways are crucial departure points for anyone to provide an education in body self-worth that works.
An education is fundamental, but to deal with this problem requires every one of us that we take right in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
As the women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to have the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to insist that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people by what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility by the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you did a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow value all their person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making difference in a pedestal.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones who come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see you are never retain to be who they are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives . .
Who are they in mind?
Their wife?
Their sister?
Their daughter?
Their niece? Her friend?
It could just be the woman who is at two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice inside, that he's terrified for no long legs, more thin museum, a more flat one, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we would overcome this and we would say,``Did you go back to its potential in that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is retaining everyone.
But let's look at our children the truth.
Let's look at that the way you see it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small crossing of an age of today, they become agents of safe change agents.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Switzerland entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the Rabbi Kahn, the leader of the League Department of Defense . .
They initially chose it innocent, but being prisoner for other charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later, I would be convicted of his participation in that detector.
Switzerland is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him a Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher, between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims, come to meet.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't be much required to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are so afraid of their convictions that think that you have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them . .
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last week of weekends, he and some friends had been going to tour training in Long Island, to practice . .
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Catholic Titan Police, which, without knowing our group, was synchronized by the FBI.
When I took off, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that triggers gave the little orange light on the target, and for surprise of all of them, all of my goal was in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, and he said,``You know, I've been absent . ''
From such a father, such a son . .
Everybody, the comment was a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it seemed so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause . .
Those later people would be convicted of putting a ton in charge with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and took 1,000 people.
I admired those men.
I called them``membrane ,"which means you.
When I was 19, I had moved me 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do many friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone, it was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always, I was the new face of the class, it was a victim victim.
I was looking secret for my identity to avoid being white, but being the new of the class, quiet and legal, was enough ammunition . .
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly . For growing under finance, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion . .
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way, it was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a professional program where I participated in the British National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, and I had been victims of my life almost all my life, and it was something that I felt very passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and I was frankly feeling very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had been made to believe that I was a infrared . .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all the homosexuality were bad influences.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most cute and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been used by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat ordinary people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated . .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is like to be a homosexual, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my father figure at a time when I was desperately getting.
In occasion, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had better influence in my own life than my own father, extremism, was not in vain . .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing, and she told me something that I'm going to preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough with endless dynamics and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point I realized how much negative energy needs to keep all that hate inside.
My real name is not Zach Ebory . .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go out and put myself into a possible risk?
Well, it's simple . .
I've done it because I hope someone, someday, who's trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, that although I was connected to this violent and intriguing ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
Conversely, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those meaningless acts, as I reject the actions of my father.
So with this simple, I'm showing you here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents's roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an amazing muscle movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a tourist sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has irony, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure . .
It has emotions, anger and happiness . .
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for most of the 20th century, I proposed that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior of objects, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, it all started changing.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Peter said,``It's the moment for science tackling consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of science work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great . .
But it has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of awareness science in recent years was the search of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of neuroscience work answer some questions that we want to explain, the questions about what makes certain areas of the brain and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embarrassment, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical developments are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the emissions work, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolizing living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems . .
But the hard problem, it's the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a science scientist.
I want a scientific theory of self-assembly that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're standing at this point . .
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology . .
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to address that idea to our scientific vision in the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one . .
His crazy idea is there is no such a difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion . .
Actually, what you have to do is explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so I study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him . .
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is very clear.
In the 19th century, we found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, laws of Newton, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those rule laws.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, space, mass, charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to hold the list.
The natural thing would be to promote consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't suddenly be the object of science.
It opens the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stabilize them in a remix . .
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can tag them on a t-shirt . .
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called synagogues:``bread ,"for all of us, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even Rob Knight microbes, elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when he thinks,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light . .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, that's not.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you . .
How did anybody think something so crazy??
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space and time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others . .
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with physical process is living consciousness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
It's complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
So a very exciting thing is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Giussani Twain, took this kind of theory and developed it directly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called a chip, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system . .
And I suppose it's a little bit about consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of baby, a lot of consciousness . .
In a mouse there is a means of information integration, equally significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the child degree said.
The information level of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a level of different awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of hair, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that capitalism can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about reality that underlies underneath.
Like Stephen Hawking,``Where does the fire of the equations come from? ''
From the passional vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations . .
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there at the center.
So this vision, I think, the passing vision, has the potential to track our relationship with nature, and can have social and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a psychiatrist and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think we think about it well, this tends to transform your visions, whereas it matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity . .
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers . .
What about the Saturn intelligence system in the movie``Hey"?
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information view, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they get pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of taking off.
Finally, you can ask for the whole collective consciousness, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness?
Or to a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . -- right now we have a collective TED Talk, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this painting visit, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that it's universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how these little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait for it overnight to morning.
But I think we'll finally be able to find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea right.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria . .
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, put me with my friends, fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get to a prize of the community.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . after school, I had a low profile on my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of``Bumphant Seattle"and``Danas"Creek . .
Yes, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes at the 11th class, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when you'll give your speech? ''
I said,``What's a speech? ''
Well, I've been talking to you about the law of dimension for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiration things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the action room . ''
And that was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration objects.
And we are not . And it's not guilt of the girl, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire . .
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint them.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability.
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing, to capital, M male.
It's a bad thing and to live with a disability you make you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't get it wrong.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through media communication.
It's possible that you've seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invaded ."Indeed.
Or this one:``Before leaving, still!! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them . .
You may have seen one, from the girl without hand drawing with a pencil on the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with professional fibers of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term deliberately, because they have a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we thought of the disabled people of people without disability . .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, that bad thing is my life, it might be worse . .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person??
I've lost the account of the number of times that I've been weird for strangers to tell you that they believe that I am courageous or an inspiration source, and this happened before my job had a public profile.
It was like if I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to be.
These images, those images, they make people with disabilities in benefits of people without disability.
You're there so you can see them and think that things are not that bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective . .
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We put things up.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
It's not relative to our bodies . .
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him . .
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything outside.
They're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability . .
So is it really fair to tell them the way we do that, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"he says it as a compliment . .
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking . .
I'm here books the inspiration, and you think,``For God, star, are you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
I learned from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a great idea of barbecue to collect the things that fall into me, and I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but a world that excites and care about.
I really think that that lie that you've sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life . .
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that it is lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles on a stairs of stairs has never done it becomes a ramp . .
Never . smiling on a television screen won't go the subtitles for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and eradicating a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom, and he's sitting in his bedroom, and he's looking at``Bumphant Syllance"doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning . .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11th degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us great, but question what you think you know about what you do . .
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy??
And what is the average speed of a giant robotics?
Unfortunately, today, I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so, please don't unfold.
When people think about augmented reality, you think,``Minority Report ,"and Tom Cruise driving your hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because it increases changing our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field . .
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and knowing what is run by the game of the game at 160 miles, the blood beating your ears . .
We can know that it feels that a 100-year-old man chasing us, trying to be disappointed with everything.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet, and give you a sense of that.
Unfortunately, it's not the process of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Klee: Come on.
It's horrible to be keyboard.
A moment . Let's zoom out a little bit . .
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Klee: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being keyboard in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You've realized that people lack, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Field Marshall! Date 54! mice!!!
Blue 8, Blue 8!!
Chris Klee: This is a little bit more about being in the field, but has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field block.
Or from a corridor??
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Goliath and Google Glass, how do we get sick, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Ocycles Rift, which surely many people know.
The icon Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no . I don't want to play! No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain by taking his life . .
What's the experience of a fan when we get a video from Adrianne Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a keyboard with the arm before running and making a notation? What's the experience of a fan.
When can I be Mission running through the court, throwing the bullet at the bottom of the network, or Fed doing a date in Washington?
What's your experience when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
You might increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this isn't really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Rube . .
How do we reach the augmented reality, right?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the mangroves and the owners, see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at NFL.
In 1965, the poles of Baltimore put a little bit of their field bank to play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL placed radios in the fields of the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2030, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group, and you see their next play in front of you, in a plastic book that they're wearing, you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
I heard about the strategy.
They just go into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose games, you wake you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are below.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad ones.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being only for nerds.
Who would have imagined it.
What would it be like in the field?
Imagine that they are the field bat.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You look for an open receptor . Suddenly, a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight, you warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the A.I . system's system.
Fast-forward the area of protection.
Another flashlight, you have an open receptor.
It launches the bullet, but they're wrong.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in your bombsight a area of grass that lights up and can modify the career.
It goes on, catch the bullet, run and notebook.
The audience will keep it, and the fans have followed it from every angle.
This is something to create massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in somebody else's place.
We know what this technology is worth sports.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live?
How much is it going to be a Campaign Campaign or a Neil Farden Titus trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly and Karnescon notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends on, as usual, of us.
Thank you.
He recently retired me after 23 years of service in California Street in California.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of the Marine County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, globally known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 . .
Joseph Stranges, engineer chief, to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or practical . ''
But from their openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has identified as such, so that the fall of it frees out of all your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which people think vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally harm in the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think that those of you who have this suicide method of suicide realize the marriage death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge . .
This is where most people go to be taken out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back . .
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer contemplating his life . .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the railing . .
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls . .
This was not just a bad service to those who pollute suicide, but officers also.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Sermon.
I met him on July 22 last year when he got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the garden near the center.
I answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate Bridge . .
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice from New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge . .
After about an hour talking to Jason, we were asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box . .
remembering the Greek mythology, Zero created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From it, they came out of them, bread, and all kinds of evils against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and no hope? ''
You stopped a few instances, and he leaned on the right, and it went.
This kind of nice and intelligent guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life . .
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collapse of the suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what?
In my experience, not only have you to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is,``Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end your life, have these thoughts?? ''
To confront the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve; impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read.
\" Hello, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still quite numb, but I'll note more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from petition to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19 . .
It never came there.
I called Peter's police and repeated it as a disappeared that night.
At the next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 155 of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves . .
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The G20, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Viking.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and courage . .
On March 11th , 2005, I answered a radio call for a possible suicide subject in the bridge near the north tower.
He drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertis, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower . .
For the next and half time, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to go back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy it . .
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read them.
\" Dear Mr. Britais, nothing erase the events of the 11th of March, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us.
I believe that Kevin was climbing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medicalized.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six, completely unaware of all of those inherited traits, but, thanks to God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, like he says.
We give God for you.
Honestly in debt with you, Nelson Berlin . ''
And at the end she wrote,``PM . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Currently, Kevin is a caring father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal . .
My grandfather was suicide with poison . .
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who considered suicide, they wouldn't think about punishing another person.
They just want your own pain.
Usually, this is just three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason . .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I got my hand into three occasions.
In the final squeeze, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And he jumped . .
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who's left on the side, realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not just Martin connected with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question gets you: How do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever since . .
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to say later, when I look at this picture, I think,``You get Gene, you get it . ''
But the past October, I discovered I'm just starting.
We all find our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, what's considered accepted . .
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
They record me as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years on the Philippines, in my house, I always had this t-shirt in my head . .
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to support.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be bad, but how the world is treating those of us who want to liberate.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accept me as I am . .
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's an Indian goddess, the diamonds.
And when I was eight, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me: This is the kind of woman that I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called chk.
It's the principal of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty contest? ''
He told me that if she participated, she would run out of the insects of inspiration and the costume, and that night, he won in bathroom, he won in a golf suit, and it was third end between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty refugees.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was of beauty of transformative women, but I can.
I also met the goddess goddess, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they took my request from the green card that I could go to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also joined me when I operate in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of Thailand's most rural cities perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgeries.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to do surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment . .
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were shocked . .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman from Mumbai Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who was essentially living his truth, but that, happy, put his life end.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every single 20 of November, we do a global view by the Trade Day.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice . .
These are Marshall Park Johnson and Sylvia Riverside . .
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet . .
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, and fear.
I'm here, exposing, so one day there's no more sensory than November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that??
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thanks . KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rice: Sure . You see, first, thank you all my blessings.
In my support network, my parents especially, my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been to young women, who I've thought, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned a gender at birth, and what I try to do is to put on the table, the topic that sometimes that disaster doesn't square, and that there should be a space that allowed people to be self-assembling, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually get known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education by defending their rights in 2007, and when they were threatened by their efforts in 2011, when he got the National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm her father . .
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, women's history is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in parallel societies, right from the beginning, when he's born a child, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for his mother . .
The neighborhood comes up, gives her contents to mother and nobody happy to father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a child.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad . .
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and, with the hope of a son, when he was celebrating his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal . .
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter . The newborn daughter, when it grows, it suffers as well . .
At the age of five, when she should go to school, she stays home and school admitted to his siblings . .
Until 12 years old, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with his friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly . .
But when it comes into adolescence, when it comes to 13 years, it's forbidden to get out of his house without a male shock.
It's confined to the four walls of your house . .
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes called the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you were traveling the code of that honor, he could even kill . .
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male male members.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's one more rules of patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very sum.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts your father's decisions and mother and decisions, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a deliberate . .
If the young man, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destruction.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet,``The house, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children . .
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You wanted brothers and sisters, when Malcolm was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary struggle of freedom in Afghanistan . .
His name was Malawi from Maryland, and I called my daughter.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I got a line from my name, and I wrote,``Malauid . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admitted it in my school . .
You know, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I should mention.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in parallel societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
In a school, a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
A school admission means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I was mixing the Canadian search form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the width of some of my sisters . .
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give to my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it . .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the health of my daughter . .
I encouraged me to sit with me when my friends came to me.
He encouraged me to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi . .
I've hit all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emotion.
I teach my daughters, teach students, forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called Sunday.
You wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society . .
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, particularly, for women's rights.
It was called``Taliban . ''
That means a complete denial of women participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the little dogs and the singers killed.
They're suffering millions, but a few spoke, and it was terrifying to have all these people who kill and kill when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malaysia stood up and lifted down the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and I talked at every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign, and the nine of October in 2012, they were shot by crop in the head.
It was a family day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, he whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he famously said,``Please don't blame you.
They define the fair cause.
You put your life on play by the cause of the peace, because of the cause of the peace, and the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you . .
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and he had severe pain and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife . .
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm right with my current smile and the excitement on my face.
Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we get upset.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't get his homework . .
You fight with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that has done so bold to Malaysia so brave, expressive and equations? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I have recently joined the Moson group -- from Google, where I've had a division to my heart, the visionary division of Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today here about brain science, I did before joining Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get into a brain operation.
You still be as smart or not?
If you don't, you can be smart?
After neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what number to take, from more than a dozen of chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix mix, and try to get them, to follow life.
I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail . .
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the dose changed dramatically my agency, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried dose and typical chemicals for a man of 20, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed . .
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- -- -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some kind of strong versions . .
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, one so much insecure, fixing a problem that I had in front of, and just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose . .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through, since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in pictures, and that became my key point of reference: how do I get these mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
philosophers like Humber, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . It's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So, after several years, I'm able to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, very sophisticated and well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to do well fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use his imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments that are done by two groups left in neuroscience.
Both of us used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by George Bangs and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning brain of that same individual as you imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by destroying the contents of the central column on the left ., and it looks like the difference is almost zero.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero.
Now let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Gandhi's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was registered . .
The computer, using just the brain information of the scanning, decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer developers, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us baseballs.
We're right close to it.
We only need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times over the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't hear that one.
Many are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me, with the recent result of MRI, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the path?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: rather than larger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this care??
Over the last few years, a great amount of effort in the MRI were to make really large magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances in solving clever and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmitters and recent FM frequency systems.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns taken to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid of blood blood, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could spend above language and communicate directly through thinking??
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a closet.
Their closet may be to say to some person for the first time or telling someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any difficult conversation that you've gone through in life.
All closet is a difficult conversation, and although our topics can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived from that closet is something universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Walt Canyeso, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of the plastic military: I'm not going to breathe my armpits, to quote the letters of Ann Da Francesca as a litany . .
And I'll be glad that because of my short screen, and because I had hit my head recently, I would ask you a little kid,``Hey, are you kid or girl? ''
And it appears an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a blade of rage.
The father would remove the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold child.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10, I was ready to fight . .
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready, and I was about to come into the female affairs on the table, I had Betty Friedman's dates.
The Gloria Steinem quote.
Even a fragments of the Vagina Monologues I would show.
So I breathe down and down the gaze and my backs a four-year-old with a pink dress, looking at me what's not a challenge for a feminist dome, just a girl with a question:``Are you a kid or girl? ''
And then I breathe a little bit again, I stood up close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl from a comfortable pajamas . .
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a park, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Ah, OK . You're a girl.
What about the park I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of everybody who ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and me, we were honest with one another.
As a lot of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and I know, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet . .
It's like my closet is not different to yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was harder to get out of their own, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that to explain to someone who has declared in broken banking is more difficult than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son you're going to divorce??
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We have to stop figuring out what's difficult with what's difficult for the other person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sense, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and high tomato shoes.
It wasn't the militant lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I was going on in a corner of my dark closet packing my gay grenade, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever have ever done.
My family, my friends, strange strangers with whom I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world turned around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that grenade, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grandmother launch was in my sister's wedding . .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I do my honor ladies, in my black dress and toys, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women screamed,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay bulb battle had started.
\" Did you ever get in the East? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Ma, you know my Antarctica style?
It's very good, and he has never talked about having a girlfriend . . ''
\" Ma, what is your favorite TV program??
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in hope of showing desperately his support, to get me to know that I was on my side, he finally said bread,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the bandwidth.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt left.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were running.
And what else can you ask for someone, but do you get progress?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I've gone out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pacific girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to get out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be straight . -- just give it . Take your patches.
If you know they're gay, tell them.
If you say to your parents that might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give you a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of you can get some safe wounded, they're sorry for what they've done, but they never apologize.
And yes, maybe some people will feel disappointed, but that's something in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own . .
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a closet in a closet, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that??
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of December Diopet that``If a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Ed Diet wrote this, he did it as a critique to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing . .
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's take a step back . .
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, that you don't know about the biology of the Earth, and the Earth's intelligence and the Earth's intelligence, but they have incredible telescopes and you can observe the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know about this, that it doesn't have any concept about Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, asteroids that float the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, that they pointed out, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be financially adjusted for intelligence development, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion planning, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years: Is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence??
And I think the answer is, I know what you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E =, for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible accessible future, yes, to an impending future time, tau.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to stay caught.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this??
How productive is it??
Is it predicting the level of human intelligence??
Does artificial intelligence predict??
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Now, recent research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us.
But what if that scientific connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it??
To find out, we developed a software engine called Entertainment, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that's inside.
Remarkably, entropy could spend multiple tests of animal intelligence, playing human games, and even making money by trade action, all of it without being shown to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot human without falling, here we see Entry balancing a post by using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
He just decided to balance the post . .
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability for tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can do a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entrance is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a penguin game against itself, illustrated its potential for play . .
So here we see Entry organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net well connected.
This same network architecture capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Entry organizing the routes of a ship flower, discovering success and using Panama's Canal to expand globally its scope from Atlantic to Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation . .
Finally, here we look at entropy spontaneously discover and execute a comparative, wide strategy in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its management.
This risk management ability will have wide applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Stirling: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smartphones of intelligent cognitive human behavior such as tools, to walk upright and social cooperation, all of them derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
We went back at the beginning of the term term, the work``Russian"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be cyber rebellion.
Machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then monograms and they're trying to make the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask me,``How is it looking for goals to get rid of this kind of framework?? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or helping to understand human intelligence, is the next: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Even though, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit other stars, which points the Earth is only one between billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
Now, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth's planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially habitable world, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Glamours and sea ice that have been with us from thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course . .
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the existence of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say, looking for extraterrestrial opportunities in the wireless sector.
Now, as a very interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the world's newly discovered, and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars . .
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little bit farther from the sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated this by a mission like Kepler . .
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much Mars.
Our revolutions like``Curiosity"track their surface in looking for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MTV mission, take samples of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability . .
The private companies now offer not just short space flights, but also the likely to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge and pioneer ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to colonize, actually extracted places in comparison with Mars . .
Even in the smallest and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and opposite of oxygen exhibited by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization and other parallel planets with a great shadow and sad shadow: the implications and belief of some that Mars will wait for us to save ourselves from this influence of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
And so, I really like the interpretation, I'm deep with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will be place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for interpreting exploration and land preservation don't contrast.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future . .
The extreme environments in our world look like aliens.
You just find it closer to home . .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile and instructor areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the British physicist Fermi asked, having in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interpretation will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interpretation can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to overcome Mars's hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I applied my own house.
And while I was at the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right closed.
I thought I'd call a ceremony, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a ceremony could take a long time to get, and I made cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I witnessed my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure that I'm not more expensive than a middle of the night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, I'm going to go well.
I'm a professional neuroscientist and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate, model levels of adrenaline and cloud the thought.
And when I got to the factory show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep . .
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that could put it in place, that they're going to be bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little bit embarrassed I talked about the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a protective hindsight.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years earlier, also known as the press . .
You all know what the Portuguese is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the professor, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to avoid things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it's a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, that location the fruit trees, where the friends are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's added in London's taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the Olympic sense of the squirrel, and yet they could find their nuts . .
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move very much.
This is the reason for losing keys from car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For his reading glasses, a particular message . .
If you disappear a place and you're business with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, driving drive, passport, send it by mail to themselves, so they're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol . .
The cortisol is toxic and interested.
So part of the precise practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision . .
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical impact.
But this is written as a prototype for all decision-making medical decisions, and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take that they benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose that they go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the outcome of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everyone knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack to heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce cholesterol, a state . ''
And maybe you've heard about statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recipe drugs in the world today . It's even likely you know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, check me out! ''
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you have to ask that most doctors don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NSA, the number needs to treat . .
And what is this, the NSA?
It's the number of people who should take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And should you think what kind of wrong statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't receive something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like that.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's scientists like me . .
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Washington estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the state most widely, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person??
300 . .
This according to the research of cynical researchers, Jerusalem Gorans and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take medication for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 to drop my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is,``Tell me of side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those are terrible things: debilitating muscle and articulate pain, passionate pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress you don't think of clarity.
So think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped them, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that it helps you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air of the crash, but actually this number necessary is pretty typical.
For the surgery that's being done in men over 50, externality of cancer prostate, the number necessary to treat is 49.
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped . .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include impact or erectile dysfunction, the British condition, the profitable term, the fecal impact . .
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of it will only run a year or two.
So the idea of the memory is to think before the questions that you can plant the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, do you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking . .
Remember, our brain release cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems go off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this . .
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the liberty or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast, you could be the lunch lunch, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all flawed.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things happen in the first place.
Renting the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key door of the door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered, and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Paris,``P"is my favorite music symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"on the score, you need to play more gently.
Two . '
Four .' extremely smooth.
This is my drawing from a tree of' ', you see, no matter how many thousands and thousands of it, you can have, never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ASPA, besides a little bit of my own history.
The French sign language came over the decade of 1800, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and we developed the language that we know today as Ashawayeeds.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life . .
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following blindly their rules, customs, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond . .
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't kill the door!! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the bag of chips! ''
\" Don't survive, and when you're eating, you may not throw the covers on the plate . ''
This is all called sound tag.
Maybe I think of sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a supernova of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing . .
TBP, for deciding.
TBP, for continuing.
TBP, to announce . .
You can see that the painting has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and tax borders.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``painting"at the Assamvite.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, to make my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, he had worked as a painter . .
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to be more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experiencing through ears . .
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was a very listener person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could actually give me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose it to empower me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society, it's like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I've got to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and the institutions, I work with lots of different AIDS performers.
And your voice becomes my voice and identity . .
They help me be heard . .
And their voices have value and weight . .
Ironically, when I borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value, like taking a loan with a very high rate of interest.
If I didn't continue this practice, I feel that I could stand up in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Asia.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at Asian.
The two are very spatial and highly modeled, which means that subtle changes can affect all meaning as much as the sounds like sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand the better how the Los Angeles works.
So, imagine a piano.
The L.A. is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different sign for each finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed of the body, the speed, the shape of hand and so, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you just put one key at a time.
However, ATM is more like an chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear or idea idea at Asian.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning . .
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
At Asian, by using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign``faith in that . ''
This is the sign``faith in that . ''
I'm watching you.
Let me just look at it.
Oh, they took me.
Uh . .
What are you looking at?
Ah, right!
So I got to think, and if I look at Asian through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and put it.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually see as a music piece.
All day.
I feel the same thing can say from``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights,``Night ,"`` overnight ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two . .
This represents how time is expressed in Los Angeles and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hand . It's a hand, two axes . -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then,``past ."`` Accommunicated to"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``There was once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
See DNA: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest . .
[ Face] [Committee] [Time] [In the chest] [In the chest] [In the chest] [In the chest] [In the chest] I'm going to show you a form of hand called``flat paw . ''
Can you do it with me??
Everyone with your hands.
Now we're going to do it both in the head like chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it with me.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at the rooftop.
Now, the third . Please take me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"at the rooftop.
We're going to do the three together . .
\" Leading ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good work.
Look how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings . .
It's amazing to see how Ashawayer is alive and prosperous, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very supportive world.
And just because ATM has no sounds, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start to question what social value defines and allow L.A. to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society . .
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Ashawayeeds, not that you have to hear to learn music.
The Achilles is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Design Kafare: Hey, that's me . .
As a child, my parents said to me,``You can do it all, but then you have to clean it out . ''
Freedom involves responsibility . .
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the awful truth.
By getting older, I found out that adults also make up and they're not very good to clean the other ones.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot so that my students when I walk through the beach is trapped with lots of garbage . .
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans have plastic.
It's a spooky thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big vessels and networks, to collect those plastic pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with age six to 15, we dream a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this message of work with a forest, so that the kids very low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure . .
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the board computer process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step by step on a website called``Its International ,"with the hope that someone gets better.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they look at the Internet, and they took up with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Starbucks, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they drink, it's the water in which they bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and the oil are also brown color, and when everything gets mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectroscopy, that allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can engage through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, what can help to identify what's in the water.
We started this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids remote.
[ I can investigate a problem at distance] I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan . .
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear center near water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking out of nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has prostates of pollution by School.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of them, of course, has safe, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year since the crash and research, independent way with other scientists, land, river, and this time we want to bring kids to . .
Of course we didn't take them, the parents were not allowed.
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data that day, and we talk about what we were going to do after, strategies, anger, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent real time of radioactivity, and we recorded water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and drawn in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We zoom up to 1.5 miles of nuclear central, and with the help of the area of the area, we were collecting sea sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways of doing all these things . .
So the classroom became so much small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, can be built almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can become true with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration!! acceleration!!
CC: We asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age by transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
The plastic, the oil and the radioactive are terrible legal, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, trees, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One is important about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble, he saw a figure that struggle for being free.
The film was unique Mine's unique tool.
But living ones are not canceled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences . .
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by red manufacturing and production.
The mountain lines have decided a world made from parts, addressing the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a display of discrete parts of different functions.
But you don't find a mathematical material assembly in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with displays.
The back skins are thicker with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, no paradox.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the movie and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the training and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions in the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at the simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, getting away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You're probably wondering: why?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they get four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created . .
Please know the minds and hands of my students . .
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour scope of diameter with a vehicle that someday not very far away to print entire buildings, and graduate graphics made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in dark.
Here we have reinvented the jealous, an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture, and has created a screen where every opening is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt, and this was for a footprint from Paris with Iran van Hanson . It's like a second skin made from one piece, ridiculed in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D Strategies, we print this layer and false 3D with no costs between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a ST scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, enables to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable, and also absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and when we design this pattern of irregular surface, it becomes obstacles.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rigorous, opaque and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, will vary its functionality not by adding another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and depressing material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left, and I got to define a lot of what matters I was.
As she said,``In the third day of creation, God sends Earth to grow a free fruit tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches, cortex, sizes and flowers . .
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder,``What would the design be like if the objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material in the fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called the canal, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece . .
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we multiply them, and we put off.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple blocks of robotic literacy.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of a single microbial material , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural shape to the air.
So why are we still designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we entered genetically designed bacteria to capture quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar . .
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a blood vessel, and if you get even more, window.
A fruit tree charged.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life, and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for intellectual travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow . .
So as the periodic table, we did our own element table: new forms of life, created collectively, made efficiently and increased by biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, only instead of creating precious metals, they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is contraction.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that I inhabit in the human intestine.
You turn the light into sugar, the other consumption of sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met . .
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help that flow these bacteria bacteria and to alter their path function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, vary the properties of the material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we were doing more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when it goes from one end to another , 50 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine . .
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first post-conflict photographer, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are completely moving creatures, just half it is done . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and solve our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . Adam with sophistication.
This capita of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metabolized.
The non-sun manufacturing is approaching this level of sophistication.
It does it by combination not two materials, but two different proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts Hillary a cocoon of compression.
Tension and compression, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the Hill.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it's going to be a flat chapter, and still between metabolic . .
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the capital, is directly transmitted by the environment.
They often boil silk worms to death within their chapters, their silk breaks and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single chapter.
They were metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a toilet robot making silk templates, and we put ourselves on our site . .
We knew that migrated silk worms into darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillar . .
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to hell with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were hidden, they were crashing, they mate, they mate, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
The hydrogen silk of biological silk on robotic silk, they give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in little over two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms are killed by 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The moth, after the illusion, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future . .
So here are the two visions in the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form a two material ecology, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
What brings us back, of course, at the beginning . .
Here it is to a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us for the first time that we're taking care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you ever asked them,``What do you want to be older? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them for the first time?
You can show them with fingers.
Three . Five . . Three . Five . Five . .
Now, raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be older? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety . .
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be older? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, rats and art and developed websites, and also, he played the guitar in a pink band called Teleold frustrated . .
Maybe you've heard about us . .
And generally, I like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I'm going to let you absorb and feel``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that . .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career . .
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and let me get bored.
Another reason why I got so anxiety was a little more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me not to define anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of compromise, or being dispersed, or to get confused or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to do then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We're wondering first,``What do you want to be older? ''
We've got about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer at that age.
It's considered a naive question to bring cute answers in children like,``Be an astronaut ,"or``to be dancing ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
Let's insert the Haiti's discovery here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow in different ways, P, high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be older? ''
It's going to happen to be the cute exercise of before what the sleep takes.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though they're very well-intentioned adults, and they say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be a picture of violent and psychologist . .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's an artist of rape and performance.
And this Amy Ng, the magazine editor, converted into illustrator, business, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this . .
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that . .
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture . .
It's this idea of fate or real calling, the idea that each of us has something to spend for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way??
What if there are many different issues to wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do??
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you . .
You are a multimistracy . .
A multimistric is somebody with a lot of interests and creative activities.
It's a puffs to say.
It could help if you divide into three parts: multiple, potential and diet . .
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, the Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shermer refers to us as``scanners . ''
Use any term you like or invent one.
It seems like a kind of kind of engaging to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplication as a limitation or an application that you need to see.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strength by being this way.
Here are three molecular superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
So, Shah Handel and Rachel Bin expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, trips, math and design, by the foreign Messea.
Mechonel is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
The Shah and Rachel came up with this unique idea for her mixture mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's what new ideas come from.
And the politicians, with all their background, can access a lot of these kinds of intersection.
The second moral superpower is fast learning.
When the politicians are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we're pursuing, so we rarely start from scratch.
North Dunner is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a child pianist perfect, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest one known . .
Before you become a writer, North was a financial planner.
He had to learn the mechanical sales mechanics when he started their practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
It's rarely a waste of time to dedicate what you're going to attract you, even if you're at the end.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third moral superpower is adaptability -- I mean, the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Catholic is sometimes director of videos, others, web designer, sometimes consultants of Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles, depending on the needs of its customers.
The Facebook Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century . .
The economic world changes so fast and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be paid to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive . .
Sensory ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where politicians are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're pushed to reduce their goals . .
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage politicians to be themselves.
We have complex, multi-consumption problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, the specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either . .
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialist and a metabolic bomber.
The specialist can dive deep and put into ideas, and the multimistomach provides a breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship . .
But we should all design lives and careers that drive with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, politicians in a lot are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the inner cord, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then especially for all media.
That's where you're going to give the best.
But for the politicians in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you, I'm collecting with their many passions . .
Keep your curiosity for those rabbit markers.
They explore intersections.
embracing our internal cord leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, moral, the world needs.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named Future brought it into a psychological prostate.
And he was wandering, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska . .
Alaska didn't know how to help Bush, but he was crying by it until unfortunately, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, Alaska did a autopsy and found strange plates and occupas in the Buddha's brain, a guy who never saw before.
Even more surprising.
If I've been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the L.A. gave him 112 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Louis Alzheimer.
And August stop, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 2001, medicine has advanced a lot . .
They've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, statistics for cartoons and much more.
But it has been progressed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about it all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's disease will be almost one in two . .
In other words, there's the likelihood that they spend their late years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's . .
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year . .
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and their costs are a five times increase in 2050, as it sends the generation of the baby boom . .
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 deaths of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's one is the only one that can't prevent, cure or even relaxing their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 118 years, everyone, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease . .
In addition to designing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's disease significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always deadly . .
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird holes in the bus of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
We know today that they are made of protein molecules.
You can think of a model of protein as a piece of paper that goes like an origami.
There are places in the role that are sticky . .
And when it goes well, these sticky dots end inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and order.
That's what we see in the patient of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step to block is complex, how to slow a bomb.
You could do anything.
You can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians . .
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now you're testing a new kind of drugs that can specifically block this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick together within them, as humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just an initial initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 118 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years . .
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to understand that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and executed pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to advancing HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved day and night, are often too much too worn to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Autodesk, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help by talking for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times modern column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The paper is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers turn together to make 36 questions more and more personal, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person??
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: I really like --``Tell your partner,``Tell your partner ,"or she or she -- I know that this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail actually called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but certainly I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the spinal Love Columbia a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably ask you, do you stay together still?
And the reason I think is questioning this is because they've done this question over and again in the last seven months.
And from this question, it's just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been hurt to write about my experience on romantic love in my blog . .
But a blog entry can reach a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that took a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship . .
But as he was given, I had no idea.
The article published online a Friday night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday, you've already called me the Uncle Moore and the Good Mono-time American.
In one month, the paper received over eight million visit, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this class of attention . .
One thing is to foster trust writing with sensitivity about loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, asked the same question: Are they still next?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``Are you still next? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela, where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers when I test the study on them with different successes of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I took up television interviews, and restoration the orders of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the income icon of the love process, a range for which I didn't feel at all qualified.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: whether it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, enduring love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people posed the wrong question.
How do you know whether we're going to stay together or not, and then say?
If the answer was not, would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first on these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal wasn't producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for the interpersonal career between college students, using what Aron called sustained, progressive and reciprocal personal openness.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were more close to doing that . Several studies later used the protocol African protocol of Aron as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers . .
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small college of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and told me with shyness: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I, you mean, you love the person who did that?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends . .
And I: But they became better friends?
Did you feel that they did better after testing the study?
The asteroid.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was having a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was practically my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I flew into science.
I invented everything I could find on the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I just felt.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another . .
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed . .
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what they reasonably can demand me.
What's looking for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and loved tomorrow, but that I'll continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love . .
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening . .
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask: Are you still going together?
And his content with a response of Yes or not . .
So more than a question, I'll propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who don't?
How do you stay love when things get complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one; a year ago, a met and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But to fall in love is not the same thing to remain love.
To love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice of being.
And I got a little bit wrong by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would have to make that decision, and how much times I'll keep doing that choice without knowing whether he will always choose me or not.
I want you to have done and answer 36 questions, I'll have chosen to love someone as generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is turning my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what's going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end to the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose somebody, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's scary, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some leaps in full mountain, and in a way, I got like a forest of the forest.
In New York City a while ago, something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'm going to start with when I was eight.
And he took a wooden box, and he buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange, for example, how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment, I was at Hawaii -- I like to go out and do surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I took up all the pages, and I made a kind of circuit clouds on the stage Agnes Martin, and he covered them out of resin and a bee stuck.
Well, my mother has fear to bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite thing happened: somehow it seemed that it increased the size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow tracks, draw the same as it's done around a chain on the scene of crime . .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of invented specimens.
First, botanical -- you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Simila . .
It was great, man . .
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I moved.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then another window, and another window, and he had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very large, that I call``tricky . ''
For the``triptych ,"I was very inspired in``The Garden of Delicators ,"which is a painting at the Museum of Park in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture . .
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well,``tricky ."I'll explain this piece . .
It weighs 11,000 pounds . .
5.5 feet long . .
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood . .
On the left is Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog mesh industry where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals's heads are headed, ready to suicide mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied into a heart . .
Billy Graham is in the sea; the hormone -- the back of the Walmart spill -- the Oscar bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of computer.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand will get clouds.
Their hands are like balance, and it seems like a mythological being that keeps Earth and cosmos in balance . .
So it's an aspect of``trouble . ''
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand in which I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a traffic, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds of this traffic.
It also has a 500 feet long, a snake tail that joins``tricky . ''
Anyway, his tail represents fire by a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Their tail ends up in a cliff balloon of color made of 1986 terrorist cards.
Did you see them??
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were browser cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedias, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide . .
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope officer that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside . .
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; there's the chest, you can train the entrance . .
I'll be accompanied by the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover the penis or nose, or whatever you have, a kind of normal thing . .
It's a quick refresher of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body playing half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two . .
There are a few pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the thermal cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Pixation Works.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We send the box and all the people inside of it with each other as particles . .
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that's living in.
And together we came to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you shake your head?
Take an aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and the system, so that any single drug medicine in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you bring it any medication, it goes away.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV . .
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CDC cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, most negative, because in the time they're going to get to the blood current, they dissolve, and worse for the time that they take in their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV department.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is useless, and it doesn't easily enter the blood stream of patients who join the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
But after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment for life administration.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the virus of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything that is unimaginable, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and closing almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best question is,``How is that possible? ''
We send a little and powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or plates in Petri, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incision on the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, release it directly on the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to maintain open cells . .
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can drive the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yes . A cure for HIV . .
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment . .
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-sun groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military . .
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting . .
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states . .
No.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st-century agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups, even we should engage them or defeat them in any resolution of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Leonardo, known by their violent violence against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Helie has also established a political party, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinians, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza Bank since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machine: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites, Internet websites.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without looting, but for cost-effective businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand . .
armed groups also do something more: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put a professional training program or microscope.
Helin offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: safety and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghan deserted by war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent, it can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security . .
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means to fill a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, we can be able to categorize them as something else.
How do you call a group like Hebre??
They have a part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something new, something new . and different.
And what is ISIS??
The lines develop.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid, and the weaker the states are, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to contrast these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that glass of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and to control peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we'll understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving us peace and stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are several, but I fear that it openly accept the``feminist"tag would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Bad feminist . .
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and hated sex . as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are all over the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using when people were going to be a feminist.
Being labeled as feminist was an accusation, a taboo and unpleasant word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, he asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I went growing, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are impressive: women are equal to men . .
We deserve the same floor for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative controls or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to realize our other identities.
We're not just women . .
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have in account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions . .
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive work, I hear rap music paint to all volume.
Even though the letter is degraded to women, and I'm deeply offered, the classic``Salt Shakespeare"from the Indian yang Twin is incredible.
\" Make it real with your wet t-shirt . .
Pirector, hurt, move until it hurts the shell!! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the collapse of garbage, the lawns of the lawns and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that . .
The pink is my favorite color.
Enjoy the fashion magazines and things.
I can see``The Blue"and the romantic comedy, and I have an absurd fantasy of the fairy tales that are really made.
Some of my crimes are more heartbreaking.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband's width, it's his choice, and I'm not who I would judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is really concerned so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It recognizes conventional feminism that has ignored or distributed the needs of the women of color, workers, homosexuality and transgendered, for white, helicopter, middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put out feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that they're going to go to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we retired them with a lot of taste from the same village where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider myself from that pedestal before they try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminist . .
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"by fear of what that tag means, by fear of not being able to get the expectations of the little realistic expectations . .
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, the Goddess.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Video Museum Alannons , 2014, at MTV, I act in front of the word``feminist"of three feet tall . .
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star openly embracing feminism and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
It spent time, cultural critics started endless debates if Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They calculated their feminism, instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
Let's go much beyond the creative and constructive criticism, to design the feminism of any woman, destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that . .
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next??
We've been able to recognize our imperfections to realize, go to action and become a little bit more courageous.
If I hear a degradation, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we have the change affecting effectively to their profits.
It's certainly difficult.
Why does your music have to be so cooking?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
These are two magnificent, decided and brilliant, and also very brave, and I want you to grow in a world.
Where you're appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is very much more easy to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sport, and the Golden Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing . .
We can spend our money to go to film elsewhere, when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as a boxing bag.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexuals can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or working with you, until you don't include an enough number of women, both to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a broader range of people . ''
Those of us who are underestimated, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also be able to be included until we can be able to overcome barriers to decision jobs.
Because we're not very powerful . without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and hope that our decisions are going to the top, people in the power of directors and movie producers and music, CEOs, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also match our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, most of all, because my voice was stolen, and feminism helped me recognize it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids were donated when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like anything.
I started to believe that nothing was.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't think I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure . .
Through writing and feminism, I found that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear and realize that none of us are the world that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we could all be a little bit brave, when more you need it.
Just after Christmas last year , 13 children in California had measles by having visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected by more than 100 children in Cairo.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed even worse: autism . .
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the police about autism and developed vaccines, disappeared and marked to be a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you create most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time . .
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease . .
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it creates their entire professional life without seeing a single case . .
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like autism Septembers are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could contact another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it??
If you ask people at the United States Control Center of Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``amplified diagnostic criteria ,"and``a better case detection of cases ,"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language is not a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son, visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s??
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and cautious progress of science than the seduction of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kennedy, from the hospital Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1973, Jennifer published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds, giving people around their own, even their own parents.
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands up to their faces, but they were prey from the panic, like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kennedy speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome while I picked up the references of places as far as South Africa.
This isn't really going to miss, because the criteria of Jennifer for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, destroyed to give that diagnosis to children with seizures, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he had been able to get nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kenya was a smart man, but part of his theories were not pigs.
It classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and expensive parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator that doesn't hide.
At the same time, Kannya noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that they set up in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned the two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Jennifer had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like children were just recognizing what they had heard of their fellow parents, desperate for winning their approval . .
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Remarkably, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the theory of Jennifer that autism was weird.
Lord Win, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of Kennedy's mothers was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and expensive people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called sushi . .
Loren and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Jordan and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They took a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a London suburb called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kenyan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse . .
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were focused on their fascination by astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or the genius of reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit into nice and seat squares, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than Danny's monolithic model would have predicted . .
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been noticed from these kids before??
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1994, the year after Danny's article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Jenny knew about this article of competition, but I was supposed to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to the English, but luckily, Lord's husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, which led an integrated clinic with an integrated school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for children's teaching differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids followed their games by the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that requires compassionate shapes of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called their little teachers, and they decided to help in developing methods of education that were particularly suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a continuum that spans an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in programmers known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Jennifer was wrong in which autism was inconscious, as the parents were the causes . .
Over the next few years, they worked silent with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the diagnostic criteria that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in, replace the limited model of Danny for a broad and inclusive Asperger . .
These changes didn't get broken.
coincidentally, when London and Judith were working between these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before you go out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts knew what the autism was, but after the intense performance of Duke Hoffman, like Ram Babbage and``Rain Man"recognition with four awards of the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
It should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son . .
The combination of``Rain Man"change changes in the criteria and the introduction of these evidence created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted London and Judith, actually expected to be, getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame the vaccines for increased diagnosis, a simple, powerful, creative history as bad as Kenya's theory that autism was very cool.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances, when the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffer from a deficit deficit.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which believed that the cure for the most intriguing aspects of autism are in understanding the teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zealand Zadals once said,``We need all the hands in covered to bury the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
