You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , read in the United States .
And I always tell people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear a farmer , or with leather clothes , and no one has chosen a farmer .
Today I 'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , an epiphany usually is something that got you somewhere .
You just have to turn to the block to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle I 'm going to talk to you .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird of the class .
When I was crushed until they bleed every week in the bathroom , until one teacher saved me life .
She saved my life when I was able to get into the faculty room .
I was doing it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go out of the city .
I had a thumb , and it was 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations that struggle with AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that we have never got to know us .
You could wake up Ohio , and please bring that man who I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to join you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the monitored , and we take care of her family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as a woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , it became a box of ash , and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had been closed , and it was turned into a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you was done in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today 's a lot talked about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly quickly , trying to understand what was in front of me .
They <unk> me around the water almost 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another <unk> year of snow year .
The <unk> are born when we get out of the glaciers or break the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of you refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others ca n't stand it anymore , and it would become an <unk> of a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you look at an eardrum , that are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As an iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As an eardrum melts , a eardrum releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I get close to photographing these <unk> as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way , you 're not going to be able to go back that way again .
It 's not death when they melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually see a rolling eardrum .
You have it .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a bowhead iceberg , the average size .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so I want to talk , the iceberg shows a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby , a baby .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much on the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception in itself , you 're not paying me attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this scenario , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and the sperm joins the chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg .
They both turn on and starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my ground activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
Now , I 'm an historian of training and what I study in this case is the way people came to the anatomy -- so , of human bodies and <unk> , how have body fluids considered , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that I work in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate , or , as I say , sometimes <unk> , people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people are much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with atypical sex sketches , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into the male and female sketches .
On general lines , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that would not be located in the male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with an XY <unk> based on the chromosome . And it tells you the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , they become testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , the testicles make testosterone .
But because this individual has no testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So there are high testosterone levels , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops on the following course , typically female .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a little girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And so often , it 's not even until puberty and developing the breast , but you do n't have the menstrual period , but when someone tells you that something is going on .
And then they realize that rather than having ovaries and uterus , they actually have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not like that .
Women , as men , we have the body , something called glands glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure -- I think being a typical woman -- most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we 're responding to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the more exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that have the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a male boy ; he had girlfriend , and sex relationships with her , he was wearing a life as a kid and had just discovered he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th , the <unk> glands were so active that , in essence , creating a male hormone environment .
As a result , the genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component of typically male .
He was born as a kid ; nobody suspected nothing .
And it was at age 19 when he started to have medical problems made by menstruation internal , when doctors found out that , in fact , he was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with chromosomes have developed what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that 's happening .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies are going to be dwarf , twins <unk> , or <unk> surgeries are <unk> to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go through several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to <unk> a particular anatomy .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , black wants to say to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people within a body .
The most high case is last year with <unk> African runner <unk> <unk> , put in court his sex in the Berlin <unk> Games .
A lot of reporters called to wonder , `` What do you test to do to determine whether it 's a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is n't such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women , or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are who we mapped that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go to science , the more we have to admit that these categories -- that were stable anatomical categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also , in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go on a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What do you do in fact about <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science , we get more and more in a uncomfortable area in which we have to recognize that simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at first and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has a different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> arguments today , not in public , but I know within the case of when somebody is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of a way , they put a pen in front of the nose , and if he moved still , he does n't fix it .
If I stopped moving to you .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we must deal with the dilemma of trying to actually determine the death of someone , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this categories of categories could be happy as I am .
In politics I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it makes me nervous .
They claim that these categories are much more unstable than we 've ever thought of .
It 's from the point of view of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent <unk> of the Founding Founding fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find myself and watching that <unk> <unk> , and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Founding fathers .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and I explain why .
What they would have been rejected was a anatomic concept , and I would plug it with another one that was radical and beautiful , and stayed for 200 years .
And , as everyone remembers , what our Founding Founding fathers were the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth to birth .
They had the blue concept .
It was from the idea that the political power was coming in , by the blood of blood passed from the grandfather , and then the son , etc .
Parents were rejected that idea and replaced by a new concept of anatomical , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They would promote the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical .
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time , science was born .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of Founding fathers , that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> of the supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of power supernatural that goes from a vague idea of a birth of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
And again , people of color who would include the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference and again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't mean that we should be <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five-year-old kids were supposed to be able to have sex or married .
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense , and that I think we should be keeping .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why they keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> creatures at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine one of them , Mary , was born three months before : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , by the opposite , was born in term : a March 1 , 1980 's .
For the only fact I was born three months earlier that Mary will attribute all the three months before I was attribute to Henry -- the right to the sex consent -- the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because she has a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , at virtue of being a man -- if I have n't told them if it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered a man now is <unk> from the compulsory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can get married in every state with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So still persist categories , which in many ways are lifeless and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we have to admit that a based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science gets escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to trace the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people have caught up in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make any test tests .
But this is also very strange given to the story that I told you at the beginning of <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I think '' a solution .
It says that we should judge people `` based not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yeah , the idea is very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be able to make it for <unk> rights to people , because I have to admit I know , I know , I know , I know , I know , I know , some <unk> <unk> that are probably worth the social services than some
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know could make more informed , smart , mature relationships about their sex relationships than people who know .
So how do we put the issue of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to lead this current thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is sensitive to being killed , unless he 's willing to abide a change of sex , in which case he 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made <unk> twins and then separate their fame out .
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he responded to me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore he had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered to be the <unk> instead of surgical separation ? ''
America offers enormous possibilities for people to be who they are without <unk> to change the state of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , I mean , I mean I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given greater participation to Mother Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical genes , in particular if people are thinking about group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average -- not all , but in fact , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in grad school , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in in feminism , I thought I was like a feminist , like <unk> asked me a strange question .
`` Tell me what feminism has . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about his question , the more I 've just like that there 's something female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if fathers were very attentive to find the way we protect people by part of the state , it 's possible that , of having brought more Mothers to this concept , we might have enriched the concept of protection with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : to think less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect joint , think about what we 're doing with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work , have the ability to choose at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't tell a single city willing to <unk> it .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their construction cost .
So we could easily transform the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound , if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they were just going to take away from apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already owners , and the other half still will not be able to do that .
They could try to increase the capacity by making <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid discomfort and building distractions .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place will build the building rather than putting it out .
So I proposed that governments were going to have new <unk> areas of reform , and I gave them a name : cities .
Later I found out about the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras reform .
They knew that every year around 75,000 thousand dollars will emerge from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 Honduras , Honduras by a constitutional constitutional crisis .
In the following regular elections , <unk> <unk> will be noted with a platform in which we promised , and at the same reconciliation time .
He asked <unk> to be his chief from cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing for a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities that were more <unk> to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that they say you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but you need so much technologies to make progress , and usually it 's the norms that keep us from moving forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent him a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed you <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's bring this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami , in a hotel room room .
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York -- look -- land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not to live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he said we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country is going forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and I 'd talk again about four and January 5th .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was about explaining that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that 's built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
The whole world <unk> politely .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The conference leader came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for your talk , but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk talk .
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city where you could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of the government government needed help from countries associated with , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them establish and make the rules of the charter rules , so that everyone could trust that the charter effectively turning .
We went and saw a site .
This is a picture of there .
It could easily be a thousand square kilometers .
And so soon after January 19th , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow for these special development regions .
In a country that I had just moved through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was to kill one .
All parties , all the factions in the society , really , really , really .
By <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17 , over the other ballot , another voting in another voting .
Immediately after the voting , from the 21st of February , a delegation of 30 <unk> is to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
All you see there was built in four years , after four years , and getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , hands-on , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're setting up a legal system that would allow managers to come , and they would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allow your Supreme Court to be the court for this new criminal justice system .
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know we 've been solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to be in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents that have to leave behind their family to go get a job -- sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money so they eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what seems to you to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What seems to you to think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that 's that I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photographing and publishing in my blog , bold , colorful , different suits for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and second-hand shops .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet people <unk> , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and what 's unique -- and buy it becomes my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Will it be my size ?
Do you like the color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what do you bring to with someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
When I 'm inside for exactly a week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after arriving here in Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as the woman who walks by TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see you just see for less than 50 dollars .
All the together , including the jacket , I had 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday , color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be in bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday , integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just getting away , you 're also going to get away .
<unk> : <unk> the child you 're going on .
Now , sometimes people tell me that it seems to be a game for <unk> , or I remind you to their little seven years .
I like <unk> and saying , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : The trust is the key .
If you think you 're okay with something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it probably is true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract it .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth , six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a own personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week , just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things back .
I do n't need to be emotionally happy to these things , because around the corner , there 's always going to be another crazy suit , colorful , shiny suit , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I 'm looking .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split up in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you look at a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Now , some of these ends <unk> , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they 're mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
And I consider myself one of those people , who just like most other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to <unk> these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
<unk> intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a little kid , and I did n't do it very well , it always fell off .
But I bet that playing with that parking bar I showed him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that remain in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you are a physicist of particles .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with sports bars , they play these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- as they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , I found the physics of the back -- you needed from quantum mechanics to describe these little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition very well , and maybe it 's because it does n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody ever saw a particle .
But it also did n't fit my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we make a good approach to small metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard form , and that stands down on a platform .
And so I made this almost the same way you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a form of swimming swim , which is actually underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up to you , I 'm not going to bother doing those things , because I do n't want to bother you , or , really , freak .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> of the journey of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We took the lights down , and then we introduced a vacuuming , and we pulled all the air into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like you .
So we measure their movements .
We found that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating . And the way it was like a breath in this way -- as a bellows that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth twist , we were able to make it happen , and that they did n't mean at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is really fantastic .
What does it mean that one <unk> thing , and do n't you just throw it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain moments when they line up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the scale on a single atom between one single atom and that little bit of metal is sort of the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my kind of logic that speaks .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just putting together in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that 's here , and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There are a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is explained to just this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a great education of education -- I do n't mean , but I had no access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
I 'd better show you a couple of interesting things that we 've been doing since its launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around every museum there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , the <unk> , New York City museum .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
<unk> and <unk> , we are already inside the museum .
No matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened the plane up , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the aisle .
Go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't got the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us , we click on it .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get to 10 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get to 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to go deep down .
So I started playing , and I found something to happen there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went into , and I found that kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is hitting a <unk> with a Tuesday on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they do it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get into the further even deeper and you 'll see that you can actually get the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll actually see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another favorite one , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the brush ?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting , and I 'm really going to get to cracks .
This is `` <unk> night , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have any time to show you .
This is the really great part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , no matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go into it , I created this function that I call the zooming in , and we just lined up around .
It 's about the name of the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , I 'll send you to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even they do n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
They actually came from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope in this digital medium to do justice to his artwork , and that is represented right online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think of it as a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that there 's something very interesting happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Now , sometime ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , I took a budget , and it would take it to a good car and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you would win the career .
This is what , in engineering , <unk> control system in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , over the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers into the air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened and detected .
Cities are a big thing .
As a piece of note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's crust .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond cities , all these detections , and they are entering our everyday objects .
This is an exhibit of Paola <unk> at the end of the year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` <unk> '' .
Well , our objects , the environment , they start telling us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms come into sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outer environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses , he says that at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw him up at her -- -- you know , you can still see a little <unk> , and she said , `` Are you going to say , `` Are you ready to do n't talk ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts telling us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> on the idea of getting the environment and push something out .
So let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab projects .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a dark summer in 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you may remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end , <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day looking at activity in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
By the late early days , there are people here and making calls , moving around .
It starts : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> of Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time -- second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win , yes !
That night they were all to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day everyone went to the center of the winner and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> , where , from the Roman period , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can actually measure the city 's pulse of a way we could n't do it just a few years ago .
Another quick example of sensing : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage on its shift by the system .
We started with some volunteers who have helped us in Seattle a little more about a year ago , label what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things like <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a tag , the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results .
From Seattle .
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
There 's complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transport .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't go away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that <unk> a day still remains there .
That if we show people that , then we 'll be able to promote any change of behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection , and a lot of other great things we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we 've talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It started with a question of the mayor of city , which came and told us that Spain and the South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water in public spaces in public spaces .
And the question is , how can technology go , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a trunk line and valves , <unk> tubes , <unk> open and closing .
It was created as a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If you fall pixels , you can write in them , show patterns , images , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so we can go , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And I would give you a commission to design the building at the landfill .
We call it the Digital utilities .
The entire building is made of water .
There 's no door , no windows , but when you 're going to come up with it , so you can go .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all of architecture disappears , like in this case .
Now , there 's always going to be somebody in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` Let the building go . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it goes down almost the whole architecture .
This is how it works .
You see people who are going through what 's going on inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet when you test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that was open to you , but a building that was still doing cuts and water holes and you had to jump not to get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and to projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and you have a little pixel in the air , which changes color as if it 's a cloud moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like what we saw before , which is moving with other in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind of type .
Imagine the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And that then all of that could be a mountain of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dance of today , the star of New York City and the Scala of <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture .
It can push the whole movement .
You can travel all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something , and it changes our <unk> environment , like a barn , like a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make everyone out a little bit of a pixel .
And I think what the remarkable thing has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time , and the Obama campaign , we can go from the digital world , the power of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we go from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people engaged in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered with pixels .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , will be able to share the primary moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection with the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up , as a new top of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new <unk> at night , but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what you are ?
Suppose I would tell you that , with just changes in your genes , you could improve the memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate time .
Or you might like to be in better shape , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe you 're about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Few of them would probably be given to the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> topic here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's gaze on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , who also <unk> in the <unk> Church of <unk> , wrote an essay called `` No biology in biology makes sense for the light of Evolution . ''
But if effectively accept biological evolution consider this : is it just the past , or the future ?
Was it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at an extreme , is , of course , we 're most interested in .
<unk> of a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval there have been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone .
We 've been here about <unk> .
It might seem like we 're far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in most of the machinery of our cells , it 's more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin ; but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , where he comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria , you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think about -- when Antonio Damasio asks them about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that they can want to not want to do with no effort .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interruption of some rush to the output .
But , by the way , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what does the future lie to us ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or will become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a little compass , the animal kingdom , as a single and only <unk> -- and the human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they enjoyed that .
When I first went to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , every single cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear to start to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that 's happening the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the body death in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to confess that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , I got more and more doubt .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , which were still performing in Las Vegas in his 90s .
And one night , someone hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a magnificent little dancer in clothes .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came to look for a `` Sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I choose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to get healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted it to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation ; we adapted and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> rockets that are designed to send the genetic charge on the next level the orbital level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to achieve not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors .
It does n't necessarily favors the greatest or stronger or faster and even the smartest thing .
Evolution encourages the creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish fits in the void , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities .
The first is that we did n't get it .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning is that through medicine , we 've learned to be able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and removed from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've built our environment so that it could be adapted to us as we adapt to us .
And by the way , we migrated and <unk> , and we 're so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation that evolution will happen .
A second possibility is that there is a traditional , natural kind of evolution , natural , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when the species <unk> distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility of it .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not just natural -- but to pull and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose at individual and family level .
Think about it as well as possible to be able to choose not only sex from your offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease , or reduce the risk of cancer , or remove the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and sued for 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of it , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost to $ 20,000 and on a week .
It 's not going to be a lot of missing to make the human genome for $ 1,000 to be more and more and more and more .
These changes come .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in course , with the flu vaccine that was grown up with energy in a plant of tobacco plants .
Can you imagine a good thing coming out of tobacco ?
That 's today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine then only other little changes .
Can you change the cells from your bodies , but if you could change the cells of your offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or to change the <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , eliminate the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want a healthier child ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you could get ready with the next generation of the Watson machine ?
Why do n't we have a faster squeezing muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance ?
Why do n't I live longer ?
This is going to be so compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of passing this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to , we would have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it into 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are elections that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these options in <unk> of a better , more successful society ?
Or are we going to choose selectively attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that 's more boring and more robust or more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the most profound thing is , are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good enough , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet high .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only thing I could talk to you with flight nurse .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had taken on the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> on the Hudson River .
Often that 's not the route .
Let 's bring the motors together .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three <unk> words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the experiences that I 've wanted to have and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to impress anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we flew the George Washington bridge , which was n't for much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and with my mistakes , I tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , it also led to my ego .
And I 'm sorry that I wasted in things that did n't matter with people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonder .
I do n't try to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water 's <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces like you see in those documentaries .
And while I was <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness will be taken into a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing .
One month later , I was on a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , cry , like a small .
And for me , that was the whole reason for the world .
And at that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
Throughout everything , the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die of that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how to change ?
What do you do , you still expect to do because you think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy on them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents you can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
And one day he came to his house after he ran , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm walking on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation so , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with his brother and father and said , `` Let 's give them this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , not that we 've seen Stephen <unk> , is n't that that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important , you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Does anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- it 's <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check and instead of that sign a check I had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I engaged her brother and father there at the very moment , `` All right , this is the deal , Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to do their art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone you have so much inside you ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which has a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , you draw on it and you register the negative space .
So they go around doing art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They first start with sexual organs , then in the bad words , after the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start making art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , then a lot of organization , and a lot to move things aside , we had actually done a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we get a machine that they could be able to communicate , and a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from it , and you say , `` Do n't deserve . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all the <unk> world from every corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved into garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> , took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid , and that when I was going to have the squares pulled out of the walls , and it would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the sea walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a cheap pair of furniture that we bought in Venice Beach , some copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we cut it open , we set it up on a light of LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- we published the software <unk> the software <unk> low .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` No . ''
No hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate with just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much of you . That was awesome .
So at the end of two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , I got intense visiting sessions , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and he 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed , so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot from the hospital .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to disrupt in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater , and someone finally came to me and take me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some ways that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> display .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and make it faster and it 's robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won lots of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
All comes out of our own pockets .
The awards were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine acknowledged us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best of all of this is what ends up about closing the <unk> is that in April of this year at April of this year at the center of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called Art in <unk> .
And `` Art at <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , nothing was possible at a certain time .
Do it -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never done anything with eye recognition technology , and I just recognized something and <unk> me with wonderful people in order to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we 're going to find something we feel like to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations often very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
<unk> in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been messing upon in situations in horrible looking at the only goal of treating social issues in ways that feel attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that looked fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I was coming here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and patronage , I wanted to do something a little different .
So some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago I got a warning at <unk> .
I sent some of the messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
And what was the following is : `` You know , I 'm going to say , `` Well , I 'm not talking about your TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's all about , and it could be <unk> in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous , or your company when you do it . ''
But that 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
Many .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that sticker , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year , I would n't have been able to tell you about it .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we tested the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could happen , for something that was so difficult or so dangerous as to enter the halls with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tries to make it for products , marketing and advertising , and that all of the film is funded by <unk> , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The largest film ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The largest ever movie ever sold , '' is that everything from the top down , in principle , has images of brand , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> Stadium , the <unk> Center ...
These people broke the film in perpetuity -- forever .
And so the film that film looks at all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundancy . ) In perpetuity , forever ?
I 'm a person holding . ( MK : I just say it . ) It was more emphasis on .
It was `` somehow forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure that we were burning all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most exciting shoe you 've used ...
The greatest car that you 've led to `` The largest film ever sold '' -- the best drink you had to drink from `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then going to show the brands as part of life , to make them <unk> that film ? ( MS : Make the film . ) MS : And we actually showed the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is full transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help me help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make an effect ? ( MS : No idea ) : David <unk> : How much money does it have to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( DC : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worthwhile to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment the film comes out , let us look like a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell , by the film or being me ?
JK : Both of them .
MS : ... it means you 're not very optimistic .
So do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's get the camera .
MS : I thought , `` You turn off the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` we do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one for one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media , and the emerging media scenario , is n't the idea to tell with that new vehicle of attention that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> mistake and that error was this .
Actually , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been good .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for <unk> images at Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : The transparency -- free simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen ; easily understood that that 's characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line probably the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named , President claims , even the name of the CEOs .
But suddenly when it comes to making it reality , something changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency are scary -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> .
We want a story to tell a story , but tell me <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me on a lie -- and there he 's staring at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that only because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years , I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take out to go to companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to see is that I started to see me <unk> , is that when you start talking with companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films that make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , say , the reason their films are so successful is because of the <unk> spots that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically at dealing specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm coming out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
Any moment during an interview with someone who can say , `` Are you good for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see you a little bit nervous .
I want to help you get to you .
Maybe you should put together a little bit before the interview . ''
And that 's going to offer one of these fabulous <unk> .
So that `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` paradise <unk> '' are going to have your opportunity .
We 're going to be so much for man , like a woman , solid , to <unk> , in pole , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at them .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller film that you actually made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind ourselves of ourselves to people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe Ban ?
We 're in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : higher tech .
MS : It 's not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do you keep you fresh , more freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common kind ?
I need to talk to the street man from the street , people like me , to ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , <unk> punk , unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : One ) Man : I guess the guy 's gender , the style I have to be like a dark <unk> .
I like dark colors , many gray animals and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , the `` casual <unk> . ''
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , partly <unk> , in part of the Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
They 've got <unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because I make the commodities .
Man 5 : Brand <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be brand , but I would often be reminded at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
He needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` brand 's personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they were able to do that for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photo .
A : Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being .
MS : These shape people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things originates , and they start in a place , and in my case originates , and in my case begin to start in my family in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next is , this was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I wanted to be .
I like things different .
I like weird stuff . I like weird things .
A : Tell me the `` why '' -- for what does it serve us ?
What 's the machete ? What phase of <unk> are you now ?
Why is it important ? What is red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you ?
MS : Thank you . ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot crazy about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two sides of two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , the brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think that some companies will only be located in one of your strengths or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it 's nature we have to avoid the things that they 're not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually give it to be something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are you ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here to Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious marks , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If somebody asks you to take your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom of you ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more well a top-down attribute ?
I 'm a little bit deeper , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful like the Prince , contemporary , pioneering , bold or bold , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more of the top-down attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you set , traditional , provider , protector ? Do you identify with Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , safe , sacred , contemplative , wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
And over the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies , <unk> and descending , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the final product .
We allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how we now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for a commercial marketing .
We went to Saint Paulo where the advertising 's publicity .
In the entire city for the last five years , there are no billboard , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting into schools with money in the United States .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I 've had the greatest answer or the ones that I 've been more successful are the ones that I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
And they took off the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? They had success ?
Well , since the film was first released in Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to the film the film was sent in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> -- we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers just a two-year period and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has begun to win momentum .
And it 's not wrong , because almost all the agencies we talked about to their clients wo n't be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , if you take risks , there are opportunities .
I think when you get people from that is pushing them to failure .
I believe that when you train their employees at risk at risk , it 's preparing their company to be a <unk> of rewards .
I feel that what it has to happen to move forward is we have to encourage people to take the chances .
We have to encourage people that are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I 'm going to move forward , I think we need to be able to place to fear .
We need to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> the fear . We 'll give the risk .
From one <unk> at the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to support transparency .
Today , more than ever a little honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk , `` <unk> Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for her dollars bought in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents `` <unk> out of Transparency . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars named ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check for the name of the TED matrix organization , the Global Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my TED assistance next year .
The idea behind the worm computer worm is really very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with <unk> .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; it 's a completely different technology .
But if we managed to put an effective computer virus on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with Windows <unk> .
<unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is slow ; mission was accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
And that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So , very strange things happened .
Stuxnet behaves like a <unk> rat that did n't like our cheese : he would wave it , but he did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If no , Stuxnet did nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Let 's better get the goal soon .
And so we pulled the code through the attack code , and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people that obviously had all the internal information .
Let 's get all the points for them to attack .
You probably even know how much to the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that if you 've heard about Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the burden is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code code .
We 're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at was actually called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and we were trying to do <unk> with the real world , with the real world targets .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it is definitely a violent <unk> , and it 's certainly located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's put a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them and I consulted them in an effort to get their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the small digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that cell part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly be able to make the centrifuge off .
What we also saw is that the finish line of the attack was to make it slow and puzzle in an obvious effort to go back to maintenance engineers so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very closely looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> stands out in that code , you ca n't get it .
I started looking into scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That makes sense , there was a coincidence .
And he got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called steps .
And guess what did we find in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in between hands .
So I did n't know .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
It 's normally flown on dead ends , and we had to go back .
Yet , we discovered that these two digital warheads were going to be a single and very goal , but from different angles .
The little <unk> is taking a waterfall , and by making the rotors , we have rotors , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the intended recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are going to be taken by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the input values of the sensors , for example , of the pressure sensors and vibration sensors and controls code , which is still running during the attack with false input data .
And believe it or not , this false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
That 's great huh ?
And the idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine is going on , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can go through bad things .
The plant can explode .
And you ca n't get the security system away .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could work also , for example , in a power plant , or a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in terms of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to get them .
Let 's get as possible .
And if you made that , what you 're going to do with is a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we should face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers .
We need to face the consequences , and the better we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public on many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your mind ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one alone , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even older .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
So I want you to imagine a robot that can take you and give them <unk> abilities , or another thing that you make out of your wheelchair , and you go back and go back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something that you put in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases your speed , and helps you , for example , drive the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connected it with the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , has to take on their back a <unk> charge , and you 're pushing it even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- lesions on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- chronic damage back .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Or let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds of variable terrain for many hours .
Her flexible design , it allows you to crawl out and forth and execute movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We are ready , with our industrial partner to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So , it 's a reality .
Go back to the users of the wheelchair , which I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair , all over the world .
About one percent of the population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with damage to start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be its only option .
We also talk about the population that gets older , very quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- by brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> , which is using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result of it could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It 's got some sensors .
It 's completely no invasive invasive on the crutches to the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's also a few batteries that give the motors in the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural ride .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange jump in the air , skiing costs down the bottom was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost everything , and all of the pelvis movement down .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never get to walk . ''
That happened about 19 years ago .
That 's how stole me to the last little bit of hope for me .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn <unk> costs down in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even riding on a hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allows me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only soldiers , but Amanda , and all the <unk> users of wheels , all of us .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man <unk> festival .
Ladies and gentlemen , you know your cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother , which lived about six million years ago .
Now chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've made too much emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity of biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The trade of hunting and deforestation makes it not be able to fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden in the hidden trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the ape , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual , to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
Bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a kid 's game .
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance .
With it , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo 's game , you see the same evolutionary roots , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play them , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of videos of the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> style game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It has <unk> it on the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves him , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common as well in Bonobos as in humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time , it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of shapes , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder would be .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a <unk> water .
I think , like her , sometimes playing alone , and we explored the limits of our inner and outer worlds .
And it 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> .
To be successful to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we look at the most of our play capability ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , the life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems like the least appropriate to play , it can be the most urgent times .
So as primates , we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we get creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , they fires as a captain 's assistant in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where volunteers , you know , our highly trained staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But there was still a race to stand against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the middle of the night , she was standing out in the rain , under an umbrella , in his pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain and he asked him to go inside and she would save the dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or some money that , for the rest of his life , he would have to tell people that I entered a burning building to save a live alive because I made it for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` There I need to be between the house .
I need to go up with the fire , and I 'll bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I went on the stairs at the end of the aisle , I went to the <unk> fire , and that kind of height was going to stop the fire , and I went into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the ladder , where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house from the house owner , where , as he was waiting , his treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later the department received a letter from the house owner 's owner of the brave effort to save his house .
So the kindness that she looked at about the other thing was someone had reached a pair of shoes .
Both of my calling in Robin Hood , like my calling as a voluntary fireman is a witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage on individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or are there for achieving , remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you of this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's take it now .
You 'd eat food in a dining room , put a neighborhood park .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the chance to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So you go into play ; you 're going to take the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks they built in 1868 with a very simple idea : the cement modules of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 , it came up with this .
He was called brick brick .
And in a few years , the bricks of LEGO came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that they 've been over 400 billion or 75 to each person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO has made it accessible .
She just adopted the block of concrete , the favorite of the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell Labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks and piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex , a brick at the same time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I do n't personally accept it , that the building blocks of our time are being reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the power of the engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they join up through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
<unk> have a code in colors .
The green is the exit , the blue is the current , the pink is the input and the <unk> color is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green , and very quickly , you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue one with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have a FAA .
So if we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
So you get this doorbell to create more impact , and you have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , enable us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
In order to make faster or slower , you just turn this button to it that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to put together bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , motors ; everything has to be accessible .
We 've led to kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light works works , or why the front door of an elevator is holding open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also pushed to design schools .
So for example , designers without any experience in electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
And you can see here , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
( metallic noise ) It 's a few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the Rhode Island School of design School , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , ask something .
Here 's an example of a project that have done , an <unk> <unk> canyon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a composite made of Play-Doh that 's afraid of darkness .
For these not engineers , it became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be in the grasp of everyone .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the web page , download all of the design files and make it available .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world that we live in , this interaction world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking to engage with the focus .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little shot .
We can do better , we can keep the video on a side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 've already term time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you 're hate ; we asked them to work on government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like some <unk> Peace .
We 've got some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World world , we send them to the wild world .
They made huge applications ; worked with the city employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
I think about Al .
This is a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here it comes up as if I looked for a quote , but what you really search for is that someone 's caught when it 's caught when it 's caught by the snow because you know it 's not very good at turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at that time , it 's a long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped on these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens were struggling with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So it did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean up when you go .
When you do so , you put a name in this case , in this case , you put it on .
If you do n't do it , you can get them .
So , it 's got a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe the smallest of the 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other government technology does .
And it goes viral .
A responsible for the city of Honolulu in Honolulu looking at this app realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to embrace the tsunami .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> of tsunami , but people are stealing batteries .
That 's why you ask citizens to control them .
And then Seattle , he decided to use it to make the citizens in the blindfold .
And Chicago has just throw it out to make people stay in order to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it .
And this has been spreading without friction , organic and natural .
If you know a bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that I had done the normal channels that they would have led to the normal channels , it would have led to at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial power power of California , that the moment has two million dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that shows in a couple of days and it is spreading viral is a kind of shot of warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests the better government ways to work , not as private companies , as a lot of people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but as well as the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , it 's open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have not given up with the government .
You feel a big frustration to that but you do n't complain , you fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And that is that if we leave side the feelings about politics , line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that they put us crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government in the last instance , they remember that of us , remember , `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect how to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people for the charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the mobile phone care center and information .
It 's the place that controls the calls if you 've got the calls if you 're wearing 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the base of official knowledge .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open up the door of the house , make music good , and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't know that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New <unk> School of Boston .
One day , this really happened , comes this order , `` <unk> in my garbage cube . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I take off ? ''
<unk> <unk> 's dynamics .
Scott was talking about person .
In <unk> , everything is public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , I found the trash of behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . lived ? Yes .
I went back the cube . I went home .
Good evening , <unk> . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of governance as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to mate and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but the government has a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could be connected with the government services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps another one , they will promote the communities .
If we call the animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
Many people understand it , but think that you 're the input from the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and would satisfy our needs , but then we ca n't see changes .
That 's because government is like an immense ocean , and politics is the <unk> layer of a <unk> surface .
This is below what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that holds us from that that we tend to serve as something that we 're working against , that other thing , and therefore we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make that sexy bureaucracy .
Because that 's where the real government work is happening .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That 's the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> -- about the Financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have <unk> the government , it 's time for us to ask what the world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to go where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to examine the root of government so that it can extend strengthening to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not that hard to act , you only have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word , and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; everybody 's going to talk .
They can express their views on any channel at the same time and they do .
So when you face the government problem , you do n't care about making your voices hear a lot .
They 're using the hands .
They set up hands on the work to program it better to the government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a hydrant , taking out weeds and dumping a trash garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we always could have cleaned those hydrants and lots of people .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we are not only consumers , we are not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix government until we do n't <unk> citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all of us together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've ever noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here have impacts around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't be otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is an important deal .
So we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach themselves , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family in dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia over the 1840 .
She was born over the 1880s , and his experience with slavery and his experience with slavery as he saw the world .
She was hard , but he was also loving .
When I was a little bit old , and I looked at it , she was approaching me , and I was doing a good hug .
I was so upset that I could barely breathe , and then I dropped off .
And one or two hours later , I came back to her look , and he said , `` <unk> , still you feel my hug ? ''
And if I told him no , he grabs me again , and if he said yes , he left me in peace .
I had this human quality that would always wish to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with it , it was n't easy to get their time and your attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , I woke up one morning , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room , and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and staring at me .
And I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , went through the room , and he took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
He took me out , and he said , `` Let 's say something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` All right , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I want you to do n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , I looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I will never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to take me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is we always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> it always . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
And then he said , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to do the right thing even though the right thing is . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that you 're never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the rural South , I have a little brother and a young sister .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six beers package , I do n't know where he took them , grabbed my sister and I went to the forest .
We just got rid of the crazy <unk> .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took me a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , you 're doing it . And you always do the same thing that we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me staring at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
He landed the strength of the force , and he went , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama , all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I got rid of it .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that you probably should n't say .
I know this is spreading widely .
But I 've got 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drink of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this , thinking , whether it 's virtue ; I say it for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that actually do n't make sense of .
We ca n't get them to do things that they do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died from age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage them .
Now , I 'll try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the highest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so desperation , given by these facts .
One out of three black men between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In the urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in jail or on probation .
Our system is not only distorted in front of race ; it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that 's much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems ours .
We are disconnected .
I find it interesting .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you get rid of rights for always if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be so high as it was before the law was approved to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
United States is the only country in the world who was sentence after 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , no possibility of getting out .
Now we 're in a process of some suits .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In a sense , you 've got to think that the ultimate question is , people deserve to die for the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : It 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty sentence in America is defined by error .
Out of nine , executed people , has identified one that is innocent and liberated from death row .
One error rate , amazing , an innocent one in nine .
This is interesting .
By aviation , you would never allow you to fly planes if every nine you took off , you would have to fly away .
But somehow we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our charge .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my class with students on African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and which went to World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for American Americans in this country , it was a little defined time for terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
I was worried to be bombarded .
The terror threat was what they defined their lives .
Now there are older people who are coming to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teaches talks , make speeches , make speeches . Let 's give people to say that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terror went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of separation and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we have historically done .
We all <unk> with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage us with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that you could n't overcome racial segregation without a compromise and the reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's okay worrying about what you 're saying . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
We can never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that we have our story , we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately <unk> , <unk> people . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their most people ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we actually do n't care about these things that are so difficult , the positive , wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It 's going to be creativity .
We love the entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
We talked lately about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that will never come to TED .
And if you think about them , it 's kind of something that 's within us being .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are , though , as rational , so committed to the intellectual .
So development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from unprecedented ideas also by the convictions in the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us not just in the brilliant and mind-blowing , but also the dark and the hard thing .
Lena <unk> , the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we looked forward for all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , it 's orientation for the spirit , a willingness to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I believe , that even in communities like TED , it has to be engaged .
There 's no disconnect that 's related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we know these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady was called me , and to tell me , `` <unk> , comes the Parks lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I know . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I went and I just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And one occasion was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We 're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave my whole best speech , and I finished looking at me and said , `` Hmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> leaned on , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to figure out how to address these challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated on simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than the worst we 've ever done .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that a burglar .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not that it 's a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very inspiring , we 're not judging by our technology , for our designs , not by our intellectual capacity or rational .
By the end , you judge the character of a society , not because they treat rich and powerful and privileged , but because they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound themes about what we are .
Sometimes I 'm <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do so much force .
You tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of severity .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them to be diagnosed as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turning someone into what is n't it ?
The judge <unk> as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night too late I was awake thinking -- `` For God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you must have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magic powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old client , a small , black man .
I started working on <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` <unk> for my 14-year-old black client to be treated as a senior privileged white , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I found that there had been improper behavior in charge of the police behavior and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , I was n't just <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I 've already forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
Eventually I got off the car . I walked on court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was a court ride .
When he saw me , he came to me and said , `` Who 's you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered to you in the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected to me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience room .
When I walked in , the judge saw me .
He said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , Mr. <unk> .
People started getting . They were all mad .
I was the one who had written those crazy .
They got the cops who are the assistants , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was filled with people . They 're all mad because we 're talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I 'd like to see when he went and came .
I would look out the window , and you 'd be able to hear all that <unk> .
I 'm going to walk over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge gave a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant showed me because the ear had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , he looked at the assistant , he looked at me and he said , `` I went into this room of hearings to tell this young man who would keep his view in the squeeze . ''
I 've come to TED , because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds into justice .
That we ca n't truly be human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind the brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of you who share this , I just want to tell you that you 're going to keep your view in the basis of such a squeeze .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a single desire for the audience , in this community , to help in your way , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to make sure the funds are being spent in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 'll spend a billion dollars in death row , in the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of cases in homicide did n't make up in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to the ones who think that 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The large growth in mass incarceration in this country is not because of violence .
It 's for the wrong War on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic rise emerges in the prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life to life -- to steal a bicycle , for small crimes against ownership , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : So <unk> , you 've excited about it today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for you to come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats for Bin Laden .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . Number three : police provides O.C .
Voice 4 : <unk> <unk> . Voice 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Six hundred : <unk> social : 65 dead .
8 <unk> : <unk> from tsunami -- 9 <unk> : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War , mass destruction , <unk> .
Come on . <unk> : Egypt . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months , could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media means rather negative news because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses get so much more data from the than the brain can process .
And like nothing we care about , more than surviving , the first stop of all of that data is an old excerpt of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
So a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
And that old adage from the press , `` If there 's blood , sells , '' is very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news for the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going on wrong .
But maybe it wo n't be .
Maybe instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps great progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water scarcity , and energy , we certainly have them .
As human beings , we 're very good at dealing with the problems , and in the long , we 've just left them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average per capita income for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has dropped 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , from electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles Kenny that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
Many people forget it .
And we continue to get more and higher .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> on information technology jumps in this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in the war and in peace , in recession , in the recession , in the rise .
It 's the current computer that 's used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop with none of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , the curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is more and faster .
And in this curve , to <unk> of Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computing in the cloud , that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production around the planet , the synthetic biology , the fuels , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' from Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked for the newspapers the best headline that there was .
And I loved this one : `` Watson was defending human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
Play with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We taught these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can you be used to solve the big challenge of humanity .
And every year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and so abundant .
You see , scarcity are contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon <unk> <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate out of silver and the same Napoleon , filled with covered .
But the <unk> king , ate it with aluminum aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is all the percent of the Earth mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tied for oxygen and <unk> them .
But then the <unk> came and made aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
We 've got this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get on Earth 16 <unk> , every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's not about affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.K. parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average .
And if we have energy abundance , we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
You remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft Voyager up into the Earth , 1990 , after Saturn happened ?
It 's a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for half a percent of the water on the planet , but here 's a hope .
It 's an available technology in it in 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day , no salt water , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just assumed that I 'm going to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have full confidence in which it 's going to be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation on this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to the 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago .
And from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever .
I 'd better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries , books and diagnostic technology , <unk> technology now , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to get to it is when it comes to health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> <unk> Prize .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they talk about , and because it has A.I , , you can coughing , you can draw blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device we had a RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognize , call the health of health and , in the first place , preventing the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion in increased .
The white lines here are the population .
We just got the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , it 'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds never first heard that you add to the global conversation .
What would these people want ?
What is going to be ? What 's going to be ?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And health care , thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of using 3D impressions and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three more members of humanity , healthy healthy healthy , productive healthy ?
How about a few voices ever heard ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and to be able to act for the first time ?
What are these three billion ?
And if they are contributions we can not predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things ; things that were before they could only make big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really got me excited about .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played these college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and began to play it .
And it has been shown that today 's recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power to take the big challenge on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of <unk> in <unk> .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three new minds that we 're going to be told to work on in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We 've got ahead of a couple of decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they thought he ran out , but he did n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And it described to one of them as very common .
It was grouper .
He caught him so much until the 1880s .
Now the fish is at the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and elsewhere , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come in the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say that they 're following intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , it also illustrates another concept : displacement around the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , a few mangroves .
There was <unk> of about 20 centimeters , the tilapia on black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very plentiful and spent for a good moment , so it was more than the average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the number of fish had fallen in the middle .
I 'm going to go to the five centimeters .
You 've got a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And fish are still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe , a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose into the countries that they already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> the industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called the <unk> four .
I went out to fishing in him , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea of China , and especially in the Java Sea .
The thing that we captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges and other animals that are in the background .
And most fish are tiny , tiny blobs on the edges , remains that are coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat it . They wrote it because they were dead .
Once we captured a living one .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of debris is what they collect fishermen every time they go to an area where they 've never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world back , but we do n't remember it .
So I 've got the point of departure , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you want to make this happen something like this .
On the y-axis have good things : biodiversity , lots of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Each generation will be using images from the beginning of their conscious lives as normal and extrapolate to go forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss of loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze it for change .
And in the end to keep up with some miserable remains .
And that is , as we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies kill animals without knowing what they 've done until a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea of synonymous with big fish .
They become unlikely because we take them .
And eventually , we have a few fish , but we think that 's the point of departure .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you presented , as captain could , and maybe a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , generally , do n't use the scientists in fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From the enormous role that the enormous role of a protected protected area .
Because with marine protected areas , we actually recreating the past .
By <unk> the past people can not conceive of because the starting point has been running and is extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area and can benefit from the vision that it provides , which allows you to erase your starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do that because they do n't have access , like the Midwest , for example ?
I think that the arts and cinema might fill in the void . simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay simulation .
Too long ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were <unk> with the movie -- I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> , why do you deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , to do `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube machine manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are done viral and what importance of it .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , come copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
It goes over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And of those , only a small percentage is viral , he gets countless views and makes cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators of trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video filmed outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows you in the <unk> rise in the past summer .
They were not proposed to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
There was already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that he would hang on to popularity .
<unk> trends like Jimmy <unk> present us new and interesting things , and they put them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's a Friday , Friday , on Friday . You 've got to start on Friday , all you want to get on Friday . KA : Friday , you start on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
RS 's `` Rebecca '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw about 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like `` rainbow double double '' -- this video seemed to have emerged out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other things , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> , and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , of <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends are adopting a point of view , and they share it with a broader public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
So just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other .
Unlike the one-way path of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an animation animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year , you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a two-hour version that you 've seen four million times .
The cats saw this video .
And there 's cats who saw each other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did a version of the old .
And then they got international .
Suddenly , a whole community of remixes that made it happen to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could there have predicted `` rainbow twice double '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat ? ''
What would script have been written to do that ?
In a world where two days of video go up two days of video , just that only only , and unexpected can make it a way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that <unk> <unk> fees in New York , I admit I did n't get too interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket to fly through the <unk> , but there 's often obstacles that keep you flying by the <unk> .
KA : Thank you of the surprise effect and your humor , Casey <unk> , managed to get five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do differently .
And all of this leads us to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , it 's totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , of a new culture , that we all have access to , and it is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owned from our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , it 's just the current media , but the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still getting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in one single unit of unity and freedom of his country .
So think of as the communist entering <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time friends , they were making fun .
It was <unk> in silence .
He died broken in history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> it , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the sea side of the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just as 18 as his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined for one task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And then from a four-year-old , that defies fiction , a boat was slid to the sea dressed of ship fishing .
All adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was the pirate , the rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a tiny little vial .
If we would catch us , we would take my sister and I would go , and then she and my grandmother .
My early memories are on that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the hackers who came around several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying , and not being able to break for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of Malaysia coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , I was going to finish the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I proved , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women throughout three generations shaping a new one together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class of middle-class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of <unk> <unk> were traded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in an assembly line of cars , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a IT degree .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned to them , and an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , would n't matter what you should get off , which was usually new clothes ; it was always two hands .
Two income pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> <unk> and some graffiti , `` Asians , come home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me will be offended .
I was compiling determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> you . ''
My mother , my sister and I slept in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and listen to our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would begin to be able to get them .
She opened up a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened up another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys who were caught in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic Asian student , relentless with what I would think of myself .
On the other , I was very isolated in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received aid over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
So I read anonymous , <unk> , <unk> , was now <unk> , refugee activist and social activist , invited to speak in sites that I 'd never heard , and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retire to the routines and the comfort of life in an <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending up the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and running off , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do that .
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got on the boat .
The `` No , '' had never been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you wo n't be these . ''
So I talked about youth and educated <unk> and <unk> to the marginalized and the unprotected .
And the more frankly I talked about , the more I was talking about it .
I met people of all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my graduate degree , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer 's career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new one in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that I will be grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because it 's inside it can easily mean by introducing the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
It gave enough steps outside my happy place to know that , yes , the world is out there , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been hacked , it was tremendously .
There was a energy there , an relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and courage .
So I follow my intuition .
Let 's start with a small group of people for whom the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I was doing a giant soup pot that we all shared .
It would be <unk> to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened ourselves up .
I took the decision to move to the United States .
After a single trip .
My hunch .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm , and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised .
At 17 , it became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without her husband 's support , he caused a smell to the <unk> and lead the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
It ca n't prove to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say goodbye .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around his casket .
We tell them stories , and we make sure that we were still with it .
At night , a monk came up and said he had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
And I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have been able to get it easily .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could wish for that for itself ?
However , I fear the privilege of the easy .
Can I give you a bow in your life , diving courageous in each wave , the constant rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother of the mother is here today , in the fourth or a <unk> row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian epic . `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days , when we wanted the Indians to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
So at that time , when I was <unk> , the great Prince warrior Indian , I had thirst , pull an arch and with a <unk> to the ground , got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that was a lot to me .
Every time I felt a little more <unk> .
So I 've got this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't hold my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to do , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me her silver silver .
And this piece of 50 years was for my <unk> thing .
It became a <unk> door to a world full of images , of pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had a sense that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the prevent cameras that we dream .
It 's our inspiration .
So I launched me , and I came up to this technological world to see how to make magic , rather than kill her .
It was books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
They get the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that serve us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` Put your fingers on each light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... I write my name .
And so I get a character in the book .
In a number of times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to the GPS -- that comes to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that magic magic , those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always turned to me .
So , over here , we need to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually , they light up your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book and every world becomes a <unk> that I move towards this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all of a fantasy , there 's always been maps but they 've been aesthetic maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another very important aspect to me is to create Indian content and a contemporary time .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra 's cameras for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
In a story that is about present issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't come out to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a kid , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles , shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to recover this ritual of childhood , you 've got to go out and , in a chapter , you 've got a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex , and then tagging .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child from India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of the connection between magic , Earth and technology are so many possibilities .
In the next book , we 've got an interaction where you 're coming out with the iPad , and video on and through using augmented reality , sees a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At one point the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> so you can read the rest of the book .
We go into a world where the forces of nature was <unk> with technology and magic , and technology is coming to each other .
<unk> the sun from the sun .
We 're approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world , and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of clinical projects fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asking patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all , but most of these projects fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob and off and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect to , send my data to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when he needs attendance or any urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's something else .
As some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before you go up to my car , people start telling me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also that patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
It 's from the next week to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to go , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients take a position , return to the control of the boat , and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing shot cost costs , the doubling of demand and other themes .
Different techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share it with you with a video .
We all have checks for cars .
Maybe even we have them in our phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
Also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saving lives at this point .
So what we did was crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience to go , `` If you look at a <unk> , please <unk> , <unk> where , and when it 's open , because sometimes you open at the office fund and others are closed . ''
And over 10,000 <unk> are introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an augmented app , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and someone 's collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the weeks next to use their cellphone of Microsoft to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I would like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to look at a global level .
We 're attached to all of the colleagues in the world , at other universities , to help us find , work and act like a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and someone <unk> , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help themselves with these <unk> .
They could be messaging services , or people of telephony , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in place .
Please help help us in this and not only improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here for sharing 'my . '
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that can not take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was aroused by my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my favorite passion by drawing , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushed .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
I felt anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the trigger .
Photos like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping realism of realism .
And when I say realism `` <unk> . ''
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
This is what you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them look real ?
Is it the details or the colors ?
Do you know the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But at the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality , and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three perfect objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional ; as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process as we combine the photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think it 's those in which we do n't even think , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when we combine pictures , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something is going to be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that are going to keep in order to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But they combine , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Secondly , pictures combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements , and they took the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places .
Now , I think that 's easier to create a place that you find , because you do n't need to put the ideas in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew that I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made the house red at the top of the island to look more biology .
So to make a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
It starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different pictures .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , you can be very beautiful , and at the same time .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram , any one I took from a folder folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's an analysis that we were doing about the power of the microprocessors <unk> versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many other we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on a log scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves , is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And I 'm just going to talk .
Please turn on the lights .
It was more intensity because they write about paper .
Why are we going to plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
And the answer is , if I draw them on a normal curve , where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
That would be something like that .
It does n't say a lot .
But if plot , for example , another technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens like this , we give a qualitative change .
If technology of transport was as fast as the microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move on at that pace .
It 's unprecedented in the history of technological development history that every few years ago that every few years will advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not going forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
I 'll give you one of two things .
Or it will be converted into a typical curve , like this until something completely comes up , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something will happen .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask , is , what is that new way that you adopt the world ?
Why is the world going on ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember the future happened in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how that transition could be , how that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer science .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at things in the long term .
The time scale I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , we go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals that would lay around them .
If we look at the way these chemicals were organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , there was some droplets of oil based on all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those blobs of oil had a particular combination of chemicals that made materials from the outside , and so the drops grew grew .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those droplets of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you have , you have an unequal distribution of chemicals that contain .
So every droplet was a little different .
In fact , in fact , drops that somehow became better at the time of bringing the chemicals around ; they grew more , more chemicals , more chemicals and divided more .
Mostly they lived longer , were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick in the abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , these Christians , they learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , you know , in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two and a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , are exactly the same code , that same system of writing .
In fact , every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> dust that I try to hide from the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- The code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and I 'll give it 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everybody here ; in fact , for every person in the world and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus , and there would be spread in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells that were happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to a form of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way that they avoid penicillin and they would merge them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place that they would form communities that , in a way , were put together in that , and a synergy .
In that way they survive or failed together , it 's if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were going to take away more , and they were influenced by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so close to , in fact , they came together and decided to write all the prescription from the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And in that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are not acting alone .
The skin cell does not serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved , and there were more interesting levels that the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than process information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record , understanding and passing the information .
Those are the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at the time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit , because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that piece of fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system actually built these structures of information built up to enormously the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then , of course , the individuals found the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here sitting here emitting <unk> , and hopefully , building a similar idea , vague and fuzzy , on his heads that saved some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now lets us start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
We 're now going through periods similar to the multicellular organisms , which we can monitor our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to drive that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we were doing before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time time again .
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , the language , and they took less than a million years .
And the next ones , like electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process is feeding ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that process feeds .
But I make a life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would not be possible without the recent online advances .
But now design objects can be impossible for me to engineer them differently .
I do n't know it does every transistor in that machine of connections .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't , get far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes use methods that we do n't even understand right .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence .
We say , `` Please , can you run a hundred million random sequences ?
Could you run these kinds of instructions at random , run all those programs , and take those more than we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order a number of numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to tidying up numbers .
Of course , some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better do the task ?
You would get those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'll show you the best people who ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following an analogous sex process . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , which <unk> <unk> , and that children will inherit the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of software programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please do this . ''
<unk> again .
We had some mutations .
And it tries to get it back to another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with software that orders a <unk> way .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
They 're dark , weird programs .
But they have a job .
In fact , I know , I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on doing it .
Once I was going on a 747 with Marvin A , and you get a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to provide a safe flight . ' Does n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering .
We do n't understand all the options that are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster , and so we can run these programs a lot faster .
I mean , it feeds .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it seems so very <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now it comes the lunch , and I think stop here before I got bored .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent long enough to let me give up some of my false prestige in that .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules , it 's talking about the statistics , and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know that .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught , and that anyone who tried to throw it out to the first base , not to come , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 .
You know how they call a <unk> in the Great Baseball ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of the stars .
You know what they call a <unk> baseball girl ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 strokes , they hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last former League of the Major Justice of <unk> <unk> on a regular season .
Now I 'm going to take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you about today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a distant place , and one of the kids who has two arteries are clogged by the family , and his family doctor gives him to a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's dramatically improving this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of a cardiac surgeon from a heart or a prosthetic surgeon , of a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the thing is that no one in the whole medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , though , is <unk> to the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
Which is never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right .
That was the message that I was going on when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood test .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , on the nurses ' residence of the General Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
Out of my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the fork in every artery that comes out of your mouth , the diagnostic of ordinary differential and not usual .
And I even knew a differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much as we get more and more knowledge .
And I was very fine ; I graduated with hold it up .
And I 'm afraid of medical school with the impression that if you put everything , then I would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because that 's how I get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident at a university hospital in Toronto , in Toronto , when they brought the lady at the emergency service , where I was working .
At the time I got assigned to cardiac service .
And when you wanted to go to a cardiologist .
I report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was very quickly .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which was given me an <unk> cardiac failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , these are filled with blood , and so there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on treatment that I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to ease the pressure in your heart .
I gave them <unk> , water pills , so that I could remove liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't wake up the phone , and I did what I should have done , that I was calling my boss and join him with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , he would have been able to give birth information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who got constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When he send her home , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so unsure that I asked the nurse who was taking care of <unk> lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said to completely <unk> , `` Yes , I think I 'll be okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he was signed by the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance drove her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went through my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was going to go home . At that moment , I did something I normally do .
I went through the emergency room of the road at home .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of <unk> lady before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists fear as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients <unk> .
The three words are you : Do you remember ?
`` Do you remember the patient 's house ? ''
I asked the other nurse with a total <unk> nurse .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the verge of death .
After an hour of having arrived at home , after I would give it high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the ambulance people brought them to emergencies with a 50th pressure pressure of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I barely breathed in and blue .
The emergency staff would take all their resources .
They gave him medication to climb up blood pressure .
And they put him a ventilator .
I was in shock and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and he expected against every hope that would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was apparent that I would never forget .
He had irreversible brain damage .
The family gathered together .
And in eight or nine days , they would be transferred to what was happening .
And to the ninth day , he was allowed to go . The lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
Over the next few weeks , I got bored with it , and I experienced for the first time , shame , which exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't engage with your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I spoke to the family , and I 'm sure that I was doing things and made sure that I did n't fall off .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I not ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst time , why I made a mistake so dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little to a little bit of that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And on a cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were doing the efforts to be perfect to make any more mistakes , I would do over those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was assistant at the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat .
I was very busy and a hurry .
He pointed out here .
I looked at his throat , he was a little bit <unk> .
I had him <unk> penicillin and sent it to his house .
But as he was leading the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my head of guard , my chief asked to talk to me with his office .
And I made the three words : Do you remember ?
Remember the patient ever saw from a pain in your throat ?
So he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from the throat , but the higher air pathway , and that can cause the close of those tracks .
He , fortunately , he did n't die .
They managed antibiotics by <unk> and recovered back to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I went back and came back to work , until over and over again and again .
Two times in the same emergency turn , you do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a lot of effort , especially working in a hospital , because we had 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Asking for an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague who was checking the patient 's checking a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read a liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague I would take a look at it .
I looked at it and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower quadrant , called the surgeon .
They both were operated and recovered .
But every case I got <unk> , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as a lot of colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
Just , ashamed and no support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't get them out and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I fit into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear talking about other medical mistakes , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me that I 'd have a time on looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't sleep , and those who are n't going to sleep , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as the antibodies they start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you step away from medicine to people who make mistakes , we will be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a bad personal study of medical litigation and medical mistakes to learn how possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Japanese Toronto to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one out of 10 drugs are going on in the hospital are wrong , or failure is not right . In a system where <unk> infections are more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , they die 24 Canadian mistakes by preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medicine Institute set 100,000 .
And in both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not dealing with the problem as we should .
And that 's how things are .
A hospitable system where knowledge is divided every two or three years , and we did n't get them out .
Sleep deprivation is all about sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest chest , and it comes <unk> with <unk> eyes , and with breath , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are n't cars . They did n't make their symptoms always the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So , if we take the system as we taught ourselves , and we eliminate all the professionals who were error , well , no one left .
And do people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` White <unk> , black art , '' is already a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' which is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? '' And I 'll put the microphone into them .
And his students would get bored , they 'll go down to the head and <unk> saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share their stories .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , they do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The medical doctor is human , you know human , accepts it , and it 's not proud of their mistakes , but it 's trying to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
They Share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who are talking about their mistakes .
<unk> the mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting them , but a loving and support way for everybody to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings are running the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes once in when .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a medical doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm a way to learn something that I can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
Recently , I made a survey of over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choices that says a half American is about 70 a day .
Not a lot ago , in a research , followed for a week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded all the different tasks that are driven by these executives and the time that they would be able to make decisions that are related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included lots and lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
You know how many of you belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How did the degree the way the way make those decisions handle ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice with the options overload .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please take on it .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choice ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I 'd put this <unk> supermarket , very high at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There was like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 bottled water , and this was when we were taking water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but at one occasion , I asked myself , why did n't I buy anything ?
This is the shelf for the olive oil .
They had over 75 different classes , including those who were in sealed box that were coming from the millennials trees .
Once I decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy work good for all of these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists coming in every day , usually with their cameras .
So , we decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway .
They had <unk> different classes .
You 've got a position for <unk> , right to the grocery store .
We put it out there six flavors of six flavors or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop testing their jam jam ?
More people stopped when it was 24 ; 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy an jam jar .
So here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when it was 24 , only three percent came to buy jam .
From the ones that stopped when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jam .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jam satisfaction if they found six .
Well , deciding that we do n't buy jam jelly , you know , it 's good for us to conserve the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in a good place .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not appropriate .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we see the savings decisions about retirement about about a million Americans , from between 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing whether the number of money offers available in savings plans for retirement , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that in fact , there was a correlation .
We had plans that went from two to 59 options .
We found that the bigger the number of money used , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you would like .
And the plans that offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation down to the '60s .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when you decide to participate , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , the more people would be infected by preventing stocks or investment funds .
As much as options were , they were more willing to invest in market financial bills .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we would have to optimize for optimize future financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three major negative consequences by providing more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is to make the decision , that <unk> even when it goes against your self-interest .
They are more likely to take the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick less satisfying things , even though they 're objectively getting better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at that huge range of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choice from that amazing display .
Today , I want to show you four simple techniques we 've tried , in a way or another , in different investigations , so that they can test for their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , than less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space at <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of some redundant redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & <unk> 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate <unk> eliminated the products that are less sold for cats that less sold , they increased charge at 87 percent , for two causes : greater sales and lower costs .
You know , supermarkets today , you have 45,000 products .
In a grocery store , there 's about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers only products ; a kind of tomato sauce can .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to manage the best choice is the theme of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees are automatically integrated to a safe fund of life .
They really want to choose , they 're offering 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences between those options .
And if your employees can not differentiate , they wo n't make their customers . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was talking to us .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( few claps ) Okay . Anyone who 's ready to take the supply .
Are they not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who is ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
You actually had more information on the first round , than in the second round , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choice , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must feel very vividly , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit cards , when you use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> , who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were being taken into a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we save exactly how we used , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff to think about the positive things that they would take in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent and increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can drive more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we made in a magazine hall .
We saw that in supermarkets 's supermarkets , along the northeast row , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different kinds of different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because the classification tells me how to tell the difference .
These are two jewels sets .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other one , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , shake it .
( few claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , shake it .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
The categories must indicate something to you who choose , not that they choose it .
You often see this problem with these huge funds .
Is I suppose who are informing ?
My fourth category : complexity .
It turns out we can drive a lot more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; it 's buying a car .
This is a car German maker that allows you completely completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build your car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
<unk> , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Car engine , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which the decisions are shown .
So half of the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers will go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look ?
How much are you .
If you 're going to get the default button in every decision , this indicates that you 're overwhelmed , or you 're losing them .
We found that those who go from many choices to a few , push the button over and over and over again .
We miss them .
If you go from a few choices to many , you go on there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was <unk> the order that information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Although I choose the box box , I do n't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all ways we 're prepared to choose .
So we 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more geeks with the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice : <unk> , to eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , make it real ; we can drive more categories with less choices ; we 'll make complexity .
All these techniques that I 've showed you were designed to help drive alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful the choice .
And the more careful we are in our choices , we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in East Germany , in communist Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to write it to the government .
You had to register a piece of text of an example written with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of texts .
If they found a <unk> with the wrong message , they could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that we could make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having a little bit yellow on each page that follow a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to be a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If you look at what 's happening in the online world , we can group the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
It 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cellphone of cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred <unk> .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
This is Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means through banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we bought online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this tells me had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain 's going off ; they do n't know their stop .
And I say that today is more likely to either be any of us being a victim of a real crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going on worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are going on online .
The second group of attackers in importance we see today is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves them , you motivate the protests , you motivate your opinions , you motivate them .
But Anonymous , Anonymous , have been <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main attackers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national governments that they attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an authority of certification from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
They broke the last fall because of a <unk> .
I 'll <unk> the security of the site and causes a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they found one of the death of people who are taking the death of people from attack to <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from an attack on these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
Make a certificate .
What 's the certificates ?
Well , you need a website with <unk> , services , <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that we would have a foreign <unk> authority .
It 's going to give up certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were singing the headquarters for the Egyptian secret police in April 2011 , and during the plundering of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder , there was some notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by the official government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , you 're pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes further .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
It 's even tools like the <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen online online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why do we worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play our privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , will be forever .
Are you blindly blindly blind in any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of National Park in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences at most of the south , which means wild animals like zebras migrate outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow , and this is what they do .
We ate our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed the night , and so soon we got up in the morning , and we found it dead , I was really wrong , because it was the only driver we had .
My community , the <unk> , we believe we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to get them , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up really hard to lions .
They died are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is why I think there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for the livestock of her father , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because it even helped the lions to see the shed of the far .
I did n't give up . I went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed it was near the shed .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he went and killed .
So one night I was walking around the shed with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found out that lions are afraid of light moving .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch with it to turn out the lights .
And this is a little <unk> lamp .
Let 's bring it all together .
As you can see , the solar cell picks up the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity to the little box , <unk> , I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights off .
As you can see , the <unk> get out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions come from .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions so you think I 'm walking through the kiss , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and he asked me , if I could put the lights up .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed it in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to freak out other predators like hyenas , leopards , and they 're also used to scare elephants from farms .
Thank you to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a grant from one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funding and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community , and we set up lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I show them how to put them .
So one year ago , it was only a kid on the meadows of the savanna dropped the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes to fly , and I was saying that one day would be within one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come in a plane for the first time to TED .
My big dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA : One fence ?
<unk> : I know it 's already invented electrical fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So , you know , once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
Let 's dive in every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud to me .
In school , we would move all the time studying Kim <unk> 's story , but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I would sometimes ask about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor and myself had never been hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague of my sister .
And what he said , `` When I was doing this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the past two weeks .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a little boy in her arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
An enormous famine ripped over North Korea in the middle of the 1990s .
In the end , over a million Koreans died during the hunger and only few survived eating grass , insects and crust .
They also became more and more prevalent the energy cuts , all of me around was completely in the dark at night except for the sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is the limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to live secretly .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought it would be separated from my family for a short time .
I could never have imagined that it took 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life is like refugee <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
A day , my worst nightmare was made true , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> in the police station .
Someone had accused me for being <unk> , then I would explore my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to blow up .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I was able to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a official said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are seeking asylum in the foreign Embassy .
But many can be arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Though they had caught them , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , all of their world can be used in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I realized there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but in the inside , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
Even I went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call a pride of mine .
Even though we were practicing in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam at the University .
Just when I was starting to visit my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities was some money that sent out my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force at a remote location in the outskirts .
They had to run away immediately .
So I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the road to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked me up to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught a few times .
Once , our bus was stopped and approached by a Chinese police officer .
And he asked to ask everybody , and he started asking questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , impulse , and I said they were <unk> people who were accompanying .
He looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way up to the edge of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the illegally illegally .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Laos capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
And I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short from the embassy of South Korea .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost the hope .
At that point , or the voice of a man asking , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would ask .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained to him the situation , and without hesitation , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other North Koreans , to take them out of prison .
I thank all of my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown unknown , a new hope for me , and for the people to do that , the more we needed it .
And he showed me that the kindness of strangers and support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> village needs .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I went together in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little money or money .
So , we can benefit from the international community with education , of language , English practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us keep in contact with family still in , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans , all over the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central Center .
This is South Center : shops of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so they switched to L.A. , as if this is what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is South Los Angeles . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home to the places of food to bring and eat in the car .
The kicker is that the food places to bring people killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize to see this happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of home , you see the effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see a bought wheelchair and sold as cars .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I also tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was planting a forest of food in front of my house .
In a street strip we call a gardening .
It 's 45 meters x three meters .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do the thing that comes to me wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and started to plant our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we 're kind of a group of paid a group of paid ahead of gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden is beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city looked over , and basically , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became <unk> .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the written story by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> , and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more <unk> land .
It 's <unk> miles of <unk> land .
That 's the equivalent of 20 Parks .
That 's long enough to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't it like this ?
Let 's get a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
You know , your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I 'll get my kids there .
I became a part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Just as an graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , land , as a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what Earth can do , if you let it be their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine the amazing thing that is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness to how my garden became an education tool , of transformation from my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how the kids affect .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
In addition , you get strawberries .
I remember one time , that a mother came , and her daughter , were like the 10:30 Bears , and they were in my backyard , I went out and see very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I told them , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't you forget that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you go to steal . ''
It 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this was affected , and how they used to plant their mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed it , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come from , work and participate , every volunteer plan .
If the kids grow <unk> , the boys will eat eaten .
If you raise tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this are taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind people in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're stuck , I see guys of color that are on this path designed for them , that it does n't lead them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are empowered to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe there 's next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to bring containers and turn them into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> it .
So what I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , take the guys out of the street , that they know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want all of them to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
So , you know , you 're going to take their shovel . OK ?
That 's their gun .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your shovel so that we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( Sound of <unk> ) -- probably everyone will agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days like today , where it rains .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that comes asleep .
And especially if you 're riding on your bike and these cars , that 's not very nice .
In addition , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material and if we build roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is <unk> <unk> roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can go through it , so the amount of rainwater will flow over the side and have a road that 's easy to drive , and not let it get water out of water .
Noise also disappear into these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It 's also a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is to get rid of ? See that on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First of all , a stone , then several more and more and more , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can damage your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also bring more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create potholes with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the damage to this material .
It 's kind of porous , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the UV , to iron , to oxidation , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , the <unk> , and if they 're <unk> , they will be <unk> and separated from the <unk> .
So , if you drive down the road , you will get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about materials from <unk> .
If we can make this material off , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut off the wool of steel in very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , as you see here , you use for cooking -- a induction machine .
<unk> can actually heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow over these <unk> , and the stones went back to the surface .
Today , I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring this great induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm now going to take you up to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples in there , and then the government , actually , saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So a piece of road donated us , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
We made the samples , we 've put a lot of charge on them , and we 've put a lot of charge on them , and then we 've been exposed to our induction machine and fixed them and test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using induction to actually , actually increase the life of the road of the road , and you can even double the life of the surface . They will save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you how repair repair .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember woken up one morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radius .
I had a big smile on her face that was unusual at the time , because news generally <unk> it .
`` The Taliban went , `` The Taliban went . '' `` I know my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school . ''
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban stood up in Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was pleased as a kid to get my older sister , who could no longer be used outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could educate ourselves .
Every day , we would take a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags that we were shopping for .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot .
We all knew that we 've got our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school suddenly closed for a week , because the seasonal Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
What were we following ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but yet , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters in a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> that her daughter , my mother , was to school , and that 's why his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It took two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family in receiving education .
There was no doubt that their children had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk in not to educate their children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , daughter of me , can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , you still want to do n't continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I 'm proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just forget about my college degree , but I also was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who I 'm driving him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believe in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> <unk> , the first one , maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which is still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see the students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity .
And I see their parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you your face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on the road from <unk> to his village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , you 're the phone , a voice warned you that if I kept sending her daughter to school , you would try and try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But it 's not to harm the future of my daughter for her old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized about Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who we <unk> , there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that the success of her success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S .
I find Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these transformations do n't last long , after the retreat of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were going through them , that the stakes are , I see a <unk> future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day , the <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resist the Gaddafi . Get against him .
But you will never have a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
It 's almost two years since broke the <unk> revolution inspired by the river of <unk> <unk> as much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the edge , pushing the decline of the regime , they were carrying away from freedom and they were carrying freedom and social justice .
They 've shown an bravery that we were facing the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East Coast to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war and about a loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , next to many other women , rebuild the civil society , pushing an inclusive and a fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the health of Women <unk> Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> range of women , and by our right to participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> from the selfish policy of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , slowly , the euphoria of elections and the revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day we were in the news of violence .
So one day we woke up with the news of <unk> old mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American Ambassador and the attack by <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the U.S. official of the military .
And every day , every day , we wake up with the militias of the militias and their currents of human rights violations of prisoners and their lack of respect for the law .
Our society , they made up of a revolutionary mindset , became longer , and it 's gone away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
The intolerance , the exclusion , and the vengeance became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
So I 'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the `` <unk> '' success .
Now , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose evil , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize right .
Because the choices did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
Will the <unk> list and candidate <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why are our society on polarized and dominated with selfish policy of domination and exclusion , both by men and women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating more consensus than he needed the choices , that only to cover polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of women , the other thing that needs the numerical representation and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage agent and call it days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female discourse , not only <unk> , but it also puts the mercy in place instead of vengeance , the collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that one Libya , mangled by war , desperately desperately needs to be able to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran -- the peace -- `` is the word of merciful God , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> , female and motherly , which covers all of the humanity that men and women , where all of the people and all the villages have come together .
And so , just like the uterus covers completely the embryo , which grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is <unk> all of existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy for all things . ''
So it 's like , `` My mercy is there about my anger . ''
That all of them will become the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a very scary response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody is always doing : Why did she get left ?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just been <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the journal <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first green Pearl Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my soul , took my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , who loved most of anyone in this world put a gun in my head and he threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love '' -- a psychological trap , in love , where they fall every year and millions of women , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 list , between Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been for almost 20 years for my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> and lead a Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can go to anyone , all races , all of religion , all levels of income and education levels .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a women problem .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse , or , by domestic abuse , or , by domestic abuse , or , in the families , the last place we would want or we would expect to find violence ; the reason domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who sticks it , and I was in fact a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , his warning signals or his patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and November night on January .
I was sitting next to my side on the subway in New York , and I started with myself .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just taken away from a professor 's university , and he was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most of me in that first encounter was done , and it was fun , and that seemed like a field of the countryside .
I had a lot of big things like apples , and a wheat hair hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it about everything at first <unk> on a pedestal .
We started coming out and loved it all of me : that I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , who put passion to help girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was why it was that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going from New York and leaving the work of my dreams , but I thought that I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I quit my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into `` crazy love , '' which was entering head of a physical trap , financial and psychological psychological and carefully engineered .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it .
And here 's where these guns go .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site was supposed to be so safe to buy three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
The other he kept the pillow underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma of small .
He needed them to feel safe .
But those guns actually were a message for me , and even though I had never had my hand , my life was already serious danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning and I still had <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's dress and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we lived happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very timely .
There was just a very narrow sense for the wedding , and for the fact of a family being with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and it would never make me hurt .
I spent twice as much of our honey .
The first time I was driving towards a secret beach and lost me , and he gave me so strong in the head that we would spend a few times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey <unk> , went through the traffic and threw myself into a Big Mac to the face .
<unk> followed a mile or twice for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
And I wondered when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One out of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control and the Center for 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Back to my question , why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and he was the only person in the world who could help her face his demons .
The other question that everybody does is , why do n't you go ?
Why did n't I ? I could have gone at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to give to a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has gone end , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come to get married , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the criminal justice system to protect the victim and their children , who usually are forced by judges to spend time with the man who <unk> their mother .
And we still have wondering why is n't it going ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved that , would have killed me if he had allowed him to .
So I broke silence .
He told everybody , to the police , to my neighbors , my friends and family , to whole strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you have helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours for staying , '' as if the <unk> victims intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy .
But since I published `` Love Love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson based on what happened to them , and that they would promote their lives joyful and happy lives as employed , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I got married with a cute little man , and we have those three kids .
I have that <unk> <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't go back to ever have ever more , ever , is a gun <unk> pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says he wants me .
At this point , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , the people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or that they 're very small , or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse could be affecting her daughter , his sister , his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love , breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse is only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light by talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
<unk> their vision of survivors as fantastic people and charming , who have a full future .
They would take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe exit .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call Cameron Russell , and a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's an awkward tension in the room , because I should n't have dressed you dressed like this , luckily , I 've brought clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky for <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come out , you do n't have to go out now , but I 'll find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use it .
The worst part is to go through this sweater by the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do nothing as I 'm covering your head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that he <unk> the back , and he 's going to make the hair of the boy .
Of course , except for surgery , or a artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for work , there 's very little we can do to transform our aspect , which , but shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , will be courageous means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being sexy .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always make me , but rather honest .
The first question is , how are you going to be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> was discovered me , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the last few centuries we have n't defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> figure , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've ever known to make money to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now very skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> lovers who say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , stoning Wen .
First of all , we would argue so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told all of the models on the runway , and of the <unk> models on the runway , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always ask me is : Can you be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I do n't care about that .
But then , what I 'd really tell you about to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a female <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , as you were the first .
If you get this spectacular list , you still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I tell you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of New American magazine or an American executive director , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that the bigger you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike the <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you 're saying , is to say , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but you said , `` Model interior of underwear for 10 years , '' people would look weird at you .
The next question that people always do is if all the photos were taken away .
And I know , you know , you know , all the photos , but that 's just a little part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a little girl .
So he looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came up with me .
Here I am at a slumber party a few days before photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my soccer team , and I 'm in the V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they can do this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you do free stuff ?
I have too many heels of 20 feet , and I never use , except the previous couple , but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life , and the ones that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a shop , and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and I jumped on a red light , and of course , you stopped , and it took a sorry , and it took to be able to keep driving .
I 'm a sense of these privilege , not by what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of teenagers who were met and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black and Latino men in New York City , so for them , is n't a question of <unk> ?
But how many times me ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I learned that for 53 percent of girls 's girls in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure <unk> at 78 percent .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is life from a model ?
And I think the answer that you expect is , if you 're a little thinner and you have the brightest hair , and you 're very happy and you 're very happy .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe that looks like it .
We say , `` It 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , which I 've never been saying in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , with some <unk> legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the more trendy women , but probably the most unsafe women on the planet .
But especially it was difficult to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender of gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to hold on this talk , I hope that everyone will be more comfortable to recognize the power of the image of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't get them who pulled them out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a little bit of care in the lighting .
In fact , most people were taken randomly .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me out this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
And the chance that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take place to New York on a <unk> trip and you drive the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us to get the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera is to a complete stranger .
No one has ever been denied and , fortunately , no one has ever slept with the camera .
At the time , we were n't aware of how much of this journey would change us .
It became a sacred to us .
This is a picture of a few weeks after <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that a five-year-old child could understand him .
These pictures are much more to representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time on a week from October , and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years , and not just at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because even though we have the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interacts with everything .
That particular time that we spent together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
So recently , on one of the travel , we were walking , when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the tent of dolls that I loved from small on earlier visits .
And it described to me what had felt at five years of foot on that same place .
<unk> he remembered his heart <unk> with force when he saw that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but besides these 15 pictures , I did n't go out of the family photos .
I 'm always the one who takes the picture .
Today I want to encourage you all to show up in the picture , and I do n't want to take you up to someone and ask them , do you take a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are in the most threatened bird group .
First , why do they have so bad news ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughs as a <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , they do n't help prevent disease spread .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the vultures have better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There 's the prison in the New World who found mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World Park , where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 face at a high risk of extinction .
So , why are vultures important ? First of all , provide vital ecological services .
They 're our origin of natural trash .
They would take the dead up to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that will not be for them to spread and causes huge losses of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no bailout , the dead bodies take three to four times , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
Now they have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the motherhood and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Afghan and the Under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil in 10 <unk> heads .
In <unk> culture , you 're doing very important cleaning in the open sky , and in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or timber for <unk> , so these disruptions provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of vultures in Kenya , which six are at an endangered end of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , they use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , they are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of vultures are on the endangered endangered list , which means in less than 10 or 15 years ago , and the reason is because they fall off the consumption of livestock that has been treated with a <unk> drug like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinarian use in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no vultures , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street on bodies , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up by Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them in half .
These are <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible business of middle-income dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're doing these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine the basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel from different countries , so to focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating a.m , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you that we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures .
When you get out of this room , you will tell about vultures , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors , with their neighbors .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed his opinion because he watched it fly without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much cheaper without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been <unk> for seven years of work for my youth in Africa .
It 's not from 1971 to 1977 , but I am no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , who Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , all we played on the <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> de <unk> , '' was a project where a few Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we arrived with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes and Italian tomatoes , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they would remind them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were amazed that the local people , in so fertile valley , they did n't have agriculture .
And yet , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't do anything , we just said , `` Thank God we are here , '' `` Just in time to save the people of Zambia from hunger . ''
And of course , everything in Africa grew beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato tomato , it would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , at night , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and they ate everything . And we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought only of us are making mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what they were doing in the English , what they were doing , the French , and then watching what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , we feed the <unk> .
Let 's see the waste -- <unk> to see the waste that they gave you to the <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` dead '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've pushed the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm than that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage that we 've done .
We are Westerners , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people only in two ways : or we sponsor them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words came from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if it were my kids . `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if I were servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said because of economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can , you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years just to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you 're never starting any one , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the predator of the local people who have the dream to become a better person .
So , what do you do ? It 's going to happen .
You get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We went together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never attending , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they did n't go to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face to face , you have to create social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor , the business doctor , the business family of business , which is established with you in your house , at the table of your kitchen , in the cafe , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , the city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage in which we came to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I shut down and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away by '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says , `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and a innovative company . ''
planning is the kiss of the corporate spirit .
So now we 've got to rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to offer them so , privacy , has to be fantastic to help you , and then <unk> , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show up more this morning ?
People who are passionate . That 's what you have .
So what I 'm telling you is that an entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable .
So what we need to consider , is how we fix , heal , educate , transport , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's not the technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? Universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in <unk> .
And in the year 1860 , there were this group of people , and they 'd read about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out , if the population is keeping up growing at this rate , to transfer the population of New York around , we 'll deliver six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> at dung . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that <unk> New York lives .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , we showed up <unk> companies , <unk> car manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they 're not going to come up with you .
Then you have to offer them an absolute , dedicated service , <unk> .
And then , subsequently , you will have to tell you the truth about it about how to go .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to count with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a wonderful financial management .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world I can do , selling and search for money alone .
There is no .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at , and I looked at the 100 set of companies of Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of them started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in cafeterias , in bars , with their dedicated businesses who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who 's going to ask you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
Well , can you be selling ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't swap a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
Over the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like , how much pay my neighbors through their apartments ?
How can we afford and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape better ?
How do we share more our hopes for cows stores so that our communities can reflect our own needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak <unk> that causes <unk> , drunk and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There 's a parade in New Orleans , there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful parts of the world , but also one with the most abandoned U.S. properties .
I live close to this house , and I thought I could turn it into a rather nice space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother to me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this produced a deep gratitude for the lived time .
It gave it clarity to the significant things about my current life .
But let me try this look at my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to be able to catch on the day and forget the really important thing for you .
So with the old help and new friends transformed the wall of this house on a giant chalkboard , I painted on top of it sentences to complete it , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So piano could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with , and I was still going on .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy . '' `` Before I die , I want to sit in <unk> on the date of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go over again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody else 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams became constructive and dreams and hope for people who made me laugh at laughter , and I was angry , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about giving you the reflection and contemplation and remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit and now they 've been done in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we proved the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people .
In our own era of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways of conserving perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we 're going to prepare for death is one of those things that <unk> us more power .
If you think about death , our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope , fears and stories , people who surrounds us not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do not tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's very good-looking .
It does n't speak , but it transmits joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
Live unconditionally happen what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : I never lied .
When he sings songs from our childhood , trying to speak words that I do n't even myself , I remember one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's very good-looking .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when I came out every songs of my iPod , conversations that we maintained when I was four years old , and I pee in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't it seem amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't match the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and my soul was that even if that was the case , even though they do n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , in each individual , it manifests itself differently , from there that would be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , we 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that faster rapidly increases in the world , there 's no cause known to known .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self to be in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
It was living in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in front of the room , staring at the washing machine and eat anything that would have between the room .
As I was growing up , it becomes more apparent , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : an innocent , innocent nature , a child who looked at the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , when I wish they were just just like me .
But I look back at the things that I 've been taught about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would not want to change by normal .
The normal is about the beauty that makes us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean you 're wrong .
It just means there 's a different view of what 's right .
If you could reach one thing , I used one thing to go back and Sam and you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift in its interior and honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last potential of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change die at the time in which we 're trying to be like others .
Please , you do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what it must have been Alice in the Country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a class of communication students .
He was scared . He 's really afraid of these students with their great minds , their great books and their big words .
But when you develop these conversations , I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I sat when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised by ideas that had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well .
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , between others , and if we do n't know , we do n't know about this , work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations ca n't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
Let 's figure out why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just to study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , caring for the jargon .
The jargon is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary space '' -- but why not say `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without compromise .
And something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies . They 're ways to hook it up and interact with their content .
And by presenting his job , forget the sign of `` bullet . ''
You 've been asked why you call `` bullets '' ? What 's the bullets ? The bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it supports too much in the language of our brain and drives us .
Instead , this example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that he really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that public can understand if it 's lost a little bit , and then we can provide graphs that we would promote our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
Now , I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , by all media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` rogue rogue . ''
Now , there was a journalism publisher in the 19th century who defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for a public office no matter party , platform or principle , and when you win , you get it for mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to master the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera .
And this is all due to the courage of a guy with the unusual name of <unk> <unk> , who was faced with Parliament .
He was thrown in the London Tower , and she was incarcerated for him , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and finally he had such a popular support in London I won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use record of the phrase `` Wow . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to actually show you how words and politics interact , I want you to come back to America , right after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
So you 've got all kinds of suggestions that you might have taken away .
Some wanted to call it `` Chief of State , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the U.S. People 's <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was quality of quality .
And not even with that , they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term .
And I could have served .
Everybody got tired , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator , and I would always write , `` still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King because he would give him or his successor to his successor .
So , they wanted to give the most modest title , more insignificant , more pathetic than they were .
And that title was `` President . ''
So , President . They did n't invent the title . There was before , but it only meant `` someone who would give a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents were <unk> colonial presidents and fractions of government , but it was really a trivial title .
And that 's why the Senate is stuck .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who 's going to take a really dumb title , as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite one to where I 've been able to find out , the Senate has never appealed to the president 's title .
President Barack Obama 's lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary , it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President 's title does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more of 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of unmanned air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has endowed the title of <unk> .
So at the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , was a singularity .
But you know how many nations have president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with it .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control the reality , but actually , reality changes much more the words than these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 meters underground in a illegal mine from Ghana .
The air is charged with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that are talking about , but mainly that cacophony of male <unk> cacophony and stones with primitive tools .
Like others , I 've got a cheap <unk> <unk> attached to the head with this <unk> rubber rubber head , and I can barely tell you the <unk> branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
It was <unk> my hand , and all of a sudden I remember a miner I met days before , who lost control and fell countless feet into that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep down that hole at that hole , without paying rewards , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and went home , but they 'll never do it , because they 're prey by slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries on six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at Vancouver 's Peace Summit .
And among all the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> from <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that 's done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , I began to learn about slavery because I knew existed in the world , but not just like it .
When we end up talking about me , I was really wrong to ignore this terrible thing , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
I got a stomach knot , and weeks later , I flew into Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
This is how I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them , I considered it my second home .
But this time , we shake dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as many of the displaced African people throughout the whole day of <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave a farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker 's salary .
The equivalent of about a $ 50,000 today .
However , today you can enslave whole families today for generations of $ 18 's $ 18 .
Remarkably , slavery generates profit from over 13,000 billion dollars a year worldwide .
Many of them have been <unk> with false education promises and better work to find that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
The slavery today operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves , they have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in most of the world , and yet , it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the oven furnaces .
This weird , big show was like entering the old Egypt or hell 's hell .
<unk> at a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped in a heavy cloak of <unk> stacked bricks in their heads , to 18 at the same time , and take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness works in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no snack to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it even be pretty inconsequential .
They were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , and he stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the equipment , and make it work with air conditioning in order to go and , sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the guy who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't give you any direct aid .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship for that country .
It could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> of the <unk> and working inside the system for his release and trusted .
As soon as I , I waited to get home to feel my heart ravaged .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging stones for miles through mountain land to trucks which were waiting down .
Those big bits were heavier than the kids that were carrying , and the kids who hold them into their heads with <unk> , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they 're working 16 hours a day , because this has been the entire life .
They have nothing to compare to .
When these villagers were <unk> his freedom , the <unk> burned completely their homes .
When you hear the word slavery , we often think of sexual trafficking , and because of this world consciousness warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously previously seen sex sex .
I took me up a few ladders <unk> that gave this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local prostitution for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of them as only seven years -- are forced to entertain the customers and they were forced to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of them is dark and dirty , identified by a number that 's painted on the wall and divided by a curtain and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients .
Back in the dusk , I remember having felt a <unk> fear , and at that moment , I barely could imagine what it must be caught in that hell .
It only had an exit : the stairs where I went into .
There was no backdoors .
There were no big windows to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we played a hard topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , at home service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often interacting with the slave labor .
There were Indian villages where there were entire families going on in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of her children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and they dip the silk in the liquid to the <unk> , but it 's toxic .
My performer told me about his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still wait , though , can get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children , enslaved in the Volta Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger children , does n't make sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked families , missing and forced to work on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swim .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came over , he was shivering ; the subject that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of trees plunged into Lake Volta 's lake often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , to be thrown into the water to release the branches .
Many are drown .
Since it 's always remembered , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
By fear of his love , he 's not going to run away , and like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> is the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they 'd been working from the one .
In the cold and windiest night .
And it 's ready to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter where he <unk> the <unk> of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes possible .
Who will be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
They slept on a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his bike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and touched our car .
It asked us to put it on a road road to the forest .
And at the end of the way , we 'd be able to get out of the car , and asked the driver to come back quickly .
And then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we pull out the <unk> that <unk> the road and after walking around an hour , we found that the road was devastated by the recent rains , so I put my photos on my head as a little <unk> in these waters in the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended in a course of course , and we had a mass of holes in a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
Many women had strapped their backs , and they were looking at gold , they were looking at the <unk> , they walked into the <unk> of mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved by a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits are to 90 feet , and these people have heavy stone bags that then will be transported back to another area where they 're putting the stone to get the gold out .
In the first sight , the site seems to be full of strong and <unk> men , but if we look closer , the margin we look at other less lucky , and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully ends like this victim of tuberculosis and waterborne poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When her father died her uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When she died his uncle , he <unk> up the debt of the uncle that will be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , he worked in the 14-year-old , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so much that the doctors said it should be away .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet , he 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Still , he 's dreaming of being liberated and educated with the help of local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to shine light on the slavery .
They knew their images would be seen for you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we were witness to them , and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They are people , real people , like me and like me , who deserve the same rights and dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I think I do n't think of these as many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor of knowing .
So I hope these images wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force will turn on a fire , and that fire <unk> light on slavery , because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We would get into the virtuous of ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet 's funded , an extraordinary degree of training , a high skill level , and probably some <unk> strength that well can have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease was gradually destroyed this extraordinary skill , as he does with my <unk> <unk> , who , in his time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , a lot of progress has been moved on .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there is actually a cure when we have an objective and <unk> metric .
But it 's so frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a <unk> neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , you 've never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , and what if patients could do their test themselves ?
I would n't need staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to show you as a conventional way to try no conventional , you see , in some sense , at least , we 're all <unk> like my <unk> friend <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds to talk . We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that it takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's disease affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom trace , you can see an <unk> example of vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
<unk> , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and ambition for a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They 're both using existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but also <unk> exams are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they 're going to take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're <unk> , and we all know what happens .
And when something is at a cost so low : it appears at a massive scale .
So these are some incredible lists here to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high-speed monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make recruitment massive under cost for clinical trials , and for the first time , real-time doable .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving today the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's or not Parkinson 's , can call it low price and let me have recordings for pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say , 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What 's happening is that during the call , you have to indicate whether or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking at <unk> the confusion of confusion in search of real markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this moment ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also , what we 're going to do . We 've got a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I was doing <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We were <unk> in the darkness , in no windows , and usually we avoid the sunlight .
We do the lean models still thinner , the perfect skin still we do , possible , possible , we can and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really talented artists with talent with a lot of experience and a true taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were going to happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
The 13 of May traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little village of fishermen located in the <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first peoples affected the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers in the ground .
As you can imagine , the town was devastated .
We take out of the channels of the channels and the ditches .
We removed schools . We removed the slime , and we took ready houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , physically from the local factory .
We got <unk> and we loved it .
So for weeks , both volunteers and neighbors found similar things .
They found photos and photographs of pictures and cameras and cards so forth .
They all did the same .
They 're going to bring them to different places of the villages around us to get them .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a contract center of the village .
It helped to clean up communal bathrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the contract center pick up the photos .
And I had the honor of them , and I had the honor of that day to be able to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard about expression thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we began to tweak the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had taken off the face of the girl 's face , it was having to make it very precision and very carefully .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be so tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over time , they came by luck more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so it went back on Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later , 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people who were up to join .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized <unk> , a neighboring town in the north of <unk> .
Once on a week , we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that would take it in <unk> is a different story , it depended on of course the <unk> of the photos .
It could pose an hour . It could make a difference .
It could make a difference .
This <unk> had to draw basically by hand using the areas that color and detail the water had not destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water , covered in bacteria , with algae , even with oil , even with oil , all over time with the time I continue <unk> , so by that hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been erased by his owner .
We had lucky cleaning them .
We have an admirable neighbor guide .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos that are damaged .
As once he said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these photos were lucky in relation to photos .
He had started <unk> herself , but he stopped by realizing that the damage even more .
I also had replication .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to scan the images in a single photo and tweak the whole picture .
When I collected their pictures , he shared some of his history with us .
A few colleagues in his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble , pretty far from where he used to be his house , but their colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water , while the Sirens <unk> .
Their young kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in a different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived .
The day I gave him his photos were his youngest son for 14 years .
For her , despite all this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that he could remember from the past that he was n't beaten on the day , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined us hundreds of them , and hundreds of them helped us clean up by hand , more than 30,000 pictures -- the vast majority of people went back to their own owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us bring them back to 90 families from totally <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of them on ink for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , somebody loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take on , but the first thing we would try to look at .
This is the project , restore little pieces of humanity , to bring someone back to the past .
When a picture like this is back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , give it back to something , using their talent to something that 's not very thin models of perfect skin .
So I 'd like to finish this email . He sent him the day that I came back from Japan after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and stories being shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women from different ages , from grandmother to a little girl , gathered around a baby , was moved to me , because a similar picture of my family , my grandmother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , all the few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not one million times a billion frames , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it on and <unk> it in a <unk> of a second , and it is , in various ways , you 'll create a <unk> pack photons .
And that pack of photons , the bullet , travel to the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how are these photons spread into this bottle ?
What is the light of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than <unk> is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't break this research . They 're going to be a lot of things in this film , and we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse of the bullet , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a pack of photons that starts <unk> and that , inside , he starts <unk> .
Part of the light Run away , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of the photons eventually come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside it .
In that time , the waves travel on the table and because of the reflections of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that reflections are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we make it go the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much you think would take us to sit down to see that film ?
One day ? One week ? Actually , it 's a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And how about testing dead nature ?
You can see the waves that go from the table , the tomato table and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a rock on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at a time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato once , you 'll realize that as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't get dark .
Why ? Because tomato is ripe and light bounces inside and it goes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when it 's on your mobile phones , you 'll be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a <unk> picture , it goes into very little light .
But we 'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest show , so you just get some light .
We sent that bullet out , that pack of photons , millions of times , and recorded over and over again with a very ugly synchronization , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of that raw data and make it in a very interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would allow him to see after the corners ?
And the idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
It 's where we could extract those multiple <unk> <unk> .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons go back to the camera , but interestingly enough at a slightly different time .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door , and also even hidden objects , but we do n't know what extent to it to distance .
Now , projecting a laser , you can record a gross picture , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make any sense .
But we will take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , and we 're going to try to analyze the multiple <unk> <unk> , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light reflected in the open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same for the <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so actually this is an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new modality mode to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself became a scientist , and it became art , an art of photographs of them .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just scientific views , but we can see that we can .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves is just a few <unk> .
But here 's a fun thing .
If you look at the waves below the cover , you get away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order in which events happen in the world sometimes have invested in front of the camera .
They will take the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and it gives you free freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can <unk> a crime against humanity .
With a mobile phone , you can send a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , and you put it into <unk> and you 're famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting in search of a change .
This is the fall in 1989 , imagine if all of these people gathered together to go for a change , had a cell phone in your pocket .
Who 's having a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phone , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android phone , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a cell phone .
But I 'm going to talk to you today about my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
<unk> data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . E.U .
The <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every European Internet provider , all of Europe , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who 's sent a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in his phone company or their Internet provider .
And all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want to self-determination in digital age , and we do n't want the Internet service and the suppliers to the Internet service all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , they all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of you even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this actually works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , that at that time , I was the largest telephone company in Germany , that please get me through all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're my life . ''
So I decided to give it a demand demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give you this information .
At the end , they agreed .
They 'll get the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask for .
Meanwhile , the Supreme Court Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> , 30 lines of information .
At first I saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical , what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I go the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a <unk> visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to be on the train at the spot , and what often I call on the journey .
All of this is possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called each other .
And then one calls the other , and the other one , and we end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control their society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who gives you an email to who , who gives you an email to who , all of this stuff is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall in 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , neither is the fall of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative one that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information stored of you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me to the world .
My mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , which is why I 'm going to hold all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad , Al .
The P. C is not genetic .
It 's not <unk> and it ca n't contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were brothers , but they are .
It 's just because of accidents , like the one that happened at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
You feel bad for me , because at some point in life , you want to be disabled .
Go on .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , you 're in the mall , drive into circles and you see what you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and you 've got the P. C.
There 's a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm in <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy does n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do this ; you can dance to <unk> . ''
If my three major sisters , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents went to the school system , and it became assured that I was also , and if we did n't take away all the top note , all of my mother 's <unk> was taken .
My father taught me how to walk the five years to put my foot in his feet and just walking .
Another tactical I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that he <unk> it .
The <unk> that I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion and received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as motto .
The people who I grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot of a hunger die during the <unk> .
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so starving at dusk is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so I was sent to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I was also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation in the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we did n't go back to Palestine all summers , we 're <unk> at Madonna .
On summer vacation , I often tried to <unk> it , so I was drinking milk to the deer , they put me warm cups on the back , they put me off on the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , it was a comedian 's comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I 'm able to hold on your head .
My parents challenged this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a fellowship for <unk> , University of State of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the pet department of the theater department .
And they all loved me .
I did all the smartest tasks I had , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass zoo my professors were going .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a piece called a very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I 'll finally have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
At the end of free !
Thank God all-powerful , I 'm at the end of the end . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown .
I went to <unk> running at the director of the theater department , crying historically , as someone had killed my cat and ask him why , and she told me , because they thought I could n't make the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't make the character . ''
It was a piece of paper that was literally born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors without disabilities .
When I graduated from me , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was sort of extra on a soap .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> to `` roommate <unk> '' to `` better friend . ''
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , I did n't see me more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me , <unk> actors , <unk> actors , <unk> actors .
Just to get it to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to rule .
I grew up watching Rube Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , and all of these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first first tour , I took stand-up famous from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comic man that he took when she fell in the beginning of the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across America , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty sound that says that women are not fun , and they find it very funny .
In 2003 , my mother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in media , and at the same time I remind you to the hedge directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
It was much easier to fight Arabs for the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the cable news program behind which is Keith <unk> .
I walked in like a graduation dance , I would expose me to a studio and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I hold on to the presenter 's desk so I hold on the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I had my chance , I had my opportunity and the <unk> , I knew you would n't get me back .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but he was like a full-time participant and paste my chair .
Something fun that I learned on direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never get rid of me or a little bit of a child .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became an object of ridicule .
You see clips online , like , `` Why are you <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
An commentator suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled is -- Yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled is the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors told me not walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , I 've grown up with media , I do n't think I was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that <unk> less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> in the red carpet <unk> by <unk> Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
The Arab world has gone insane .
I was <unk> on the big state of New Jersey in New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity , to give children the Palestinian refugee kids , a tiny bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live , and I do this talk to her memory .
He 's in peace .
I call it <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small town of <unk> .
This people is near <unk> .
drought drives the small people to poverty and the verge of starvation .
Without it , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When you get there , there 's no opportunity , no job , no perspectives of future .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
He 's a day about a man who offers him to lunch , after dinner , to dinner .
He meets dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
It gets a little bit of money for you to buy new clothes , money to send back home , your family .
They present to a young man .
He finally got home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life target .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , it bursts out a car bomb .
That child in that little town with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to the <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a child of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that we call it `` the Wait period . ''
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young <unk> who were <unk> in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of city is the opportunity , of well-being , but the young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years .
If we do n't include young people in our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the gateway to terrorism , to violence , in gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do pretty much anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to this hospital , and I remember thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
What if I had seen me forced to be on that same `` Wait period ? ''
Would you have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was at <unk> that month was actually to harbor a few juvenile leaders in a corporate summit .
It was <unk> to the <unk> juvenile leaders .
We sat down , and we had an idea rain of ideas on solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because because I was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reaching B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed completely the road system , and a motorcycle may be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and the seized rose .
She started a motorcycle company .
He started <unk> to local residents who normally could n't buy them .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of scooters over the next three years .
Why is this different ?
What does this story differently ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I believe that business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` Wait period . ''
Let 's get young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that they 're looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the height of the business initiative , and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic sent out of plastic .
If you give somebody out , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
Life saw an opportunity .
It started a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working in the creation of the first public public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like , he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink , because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , he really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the major challenges facing the city .
They 've got business solutions for local problems .
So , I will inspire young people and create a entrepreneurial spirit culture , is really a big step , but the young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and guidance to guide us in development and set their business out .
Let 's give young people with the resources they need , we need the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and they 'll create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , business spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Its Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
He hired children from the street to help rent and keep her motorbikes .
It gave them the opportunity to escape the <unk> of the `` waits period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : becoming young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and will have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace than <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest itself .
The sun was making <unk> leaves like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be along the way we were still , almost to pretend we were the first human beings on to step that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> <unk> view at a beautiful lens when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , which was about four square feet with rotten apple sacks balls from aluminum paper pellets pellets .
And I was choked up , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> who were too lazy to get what they had brought , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it was a little bit like it .
Who cleans our garbage ?
It does n't matter how to organize or where put the `` our '' -- who cleans our trash in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris , or in London ?
Here in New York City , the Department of <unk> our garbage , to reason 11,000 tons of recyclable waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to tell you as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that burden ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through the routes and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed a lot more .
So I started working as <unk> .
Now , I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did it .
He operated <unk> mechanical and snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They 're all asking about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong you 're used to quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were still <unk> the weight of getting on their body tons of trash every week .
There 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the collection collection is one of the ten dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and get into the traffic , all the day , and they move around you .
You just want <unk> , so in general the driver 's not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible harm .
I also learned about the relentless garbage of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> , you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a breathing or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that the gatherers of waste are the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
It 's the first license of public health protectors .
If you do n't get rid of the waste effectively and effective , every day , this starts <unk> of their container and their dangers inherent in very real ways .
And the diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for the new , so the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's endangered .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just point out of your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed speed necessary .
And so I 'm talking about the speed that we 've used to be used in contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , and fixed them , we cleaned up , our cup of coffee , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them , we pull them out , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that would take to it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that might help reduce the stigma and make it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , in a <unk> way .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow always has to stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the Hebrew of a collection collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , I went down the stairs running the stairs running , and there was a man doing his site of recycled paper as he was doing it every Wednesday .
And I tried to try and thank her work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's go right .
We 're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I started to investigate the collection of waste , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be okay .
But in our efforts , because we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account at all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's amount of waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next one you saw someone whose work is cleaning up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is about the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
So I brought two recent projects , as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analytics of different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many people in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the skin with ice is generating heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , it looks like nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame in a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , he was really hooked with the old market that is this structure to the open , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the setting , which is located in a very much area of a lot of the city growth , where much of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And also it 's between two parallel streets that are not communicating in a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was we create a connection between these two streets , bringing all the inputs out of the building .
And this spreads with an unfavorable atrium , which creates space in the open into the building that will be <unk> , by its own way , from the sun and the rain .
And around this space we 've applied to the market idea with small business , which changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do we close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that <unk> the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar fabric of a <unk> concrete shell to allow the air input , and also the light , but in a filtered .
And then we become inspired by these beautiful buttons in Ethiopian <unk> .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me to model the facade .
We 're building that with these little thirds pieces that are the windows that let the air flow out and light in a way is controlled by the inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals that used the light inside of the building to light up the building at night .
With these ideas , it did n't be easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the mall , because in the end of the mall , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economical , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no necessary air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy to the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which are collected water for the <unk> .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're on the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to perform a project that 's so big , the biggest thing I 've ever designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I got special attention to <unk> , a thousand years old , which was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets , creating 12 initial blocks of the size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we pick some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the <unk> doors , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as a essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a standard , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we would have a schematic that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly future-oriented in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the plant , we have all the connections to the pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density in higher levels , and a lower density in the low plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost as giving back the community the occupied space by building .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socialize , and make activities such as running a <unk> race , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same pace as buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as all the new girls look like .
I had large amounts of hair very bright hair , and a little <unk> of crayons , cute . It was super strong for the capital of the states , very good at <unk> .
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy , until I get my sinister plan .
One day I stayed up with a time after the school way . It was a little late , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took from my master 's table , the grade book .
And then , I did .
I looked at the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I signed up to give back the book to the drawer . But I 'm going to see , some of my other classmates had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I went to all rows of <unk> and myself , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still amazed at what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt good at doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It was all very obvious .
I was never found out .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I 'm <unk> .
They 're so mysterious , they 're so mysterious .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . <unk> birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause for spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will look at loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory when jealousy 's in all possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it is an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , there would be either literature .
Well , there would n't be Helen <unk> , there would be no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , and `` <unk> and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
<unk> the reading lists of high school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no word `` Party '' or `` Party , '' we 'll lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost everyone else has .
This year , it 's 100 years of their work , `` In search of lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of jealousy , and also , of sexual competitiveness , and mine , everything we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We thought about an <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as <unk> of cat .
I do n't know what the cat is like , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and jealousy .
Is it very obvious , like jealousy , who is reduced to the person , their desire , to their impediments , are a very solid narrative ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
By the same time , storytellers and audience , we know exactly how details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
<unk> are made to all of amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could pleasure pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And he starts saying to self that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds to his collection of torture of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , Captain sex would have to abandon the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how do jealousy ?
<unk> get rid of the information .
<unk> use the details .
In jealousy , jealousy likes the big amounts of hair , and the cute little <unk> and little <unk> .
<unk> are <unk> from pictures .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust ties language <unk> with the jealousy .
When you 're <unk> , you 're in the throes of jealousy , you 'll suddenly listen to the doors of your lover , then you get the servants in your lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is revolting , but it 's not different from an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy , they look like <unk> , but in their heart , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , is search for truth , really painful , in fact , what Proust is concerned about , the more agonizing the truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : these were the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , who makes us suffer , causes a range of feelings of feelings more profound and more vital than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Are we telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy makes us themselves .
Is there any other excitement that will be done to us in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement to us , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at that peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write it later on .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get stuck in what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Would you get too much fun ? Or do n't we have a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
So novels are very good at this .
Now , novels are busy how jealousy makes us look at intensity , but without precision .
In fact , the more interestingly jealous are , the more we become our residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , do take us to do violent acts or illegal .
<unk> are driving us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I heard about the news .
A woman from <unk> , 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook that would be sent , <unk> , for a year .
For a year , every year .
She was trying to <unk> the new girlfriend from his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What enormous , even unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying to jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be hardened in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , your most famous character .
Tom <unk> 's going to <unk> or want what you 've got to take from you , and you 've got to find out what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . It 's under your name , you 're going to take your rings , the cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> to everybody , as long as I would sometimes .
It 's a shame , because we live in envy times .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social media , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
What novels show us ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the Baker Street of Baker Street , and ask 27-year-old .
When people think about Helios , he thinks of the curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always got <unk> <unk> , the <unk> chief <unk> rat that needs Colonel desperately , needs epidurals .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but it 's <unk> , and they 're going to link up with bitterness in the fall of one of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' once Holmes me comes in , <unk> all of his solution , <unk> himself back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir quit .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> who did n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see Aaron transferred to me in history . It seems to me this very emotional thing . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute semantics , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being him <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can engage with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So while we wait for that , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction <unk> jealousy .
The fiction used to be alone , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : sweet <unk> , the scary Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the Marcel Proust aware .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
The 21st of July , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the left module of Apollo 11 and declined over the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray gray tree was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization for peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave work about 400,000 people and asked 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the crew of the Apollo one .
But before the Apollo <unk> program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve he walked on his surface , of which he searched after the death of Armstrong last year , is now the most old man .
So why were it ?
They did n't have a lot of a turn : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynics is that they were because the president Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it to our goal ?
And you could also ask , why is the highest mountain scale ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're difficult .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the wonder before transcendence of the technology of technology .
It was because it was a great thing to do that .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technology .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , he <unk> the polio and removed the smallpox .
The technology seemed to be what we Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't be able to go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew <unk> flew 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being back to the moon .
No one has ever traveled faster than the crew of the Apollo 10 , and the optimism of the power of technology has evaporated to see that the technology would solve as going to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seems to be intractable .
I remember seeing the <unk> of Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me you do n't watch the tube of escape from the rocket V .
I knew that this would be the last moon , but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies on Mars .
So that , `` Something happened to our ability to solve technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard over the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like if the technologists would have found us and had enriched them with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong in most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But not solving the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty , in concrete , the incentives that venture capitalists provide entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas for incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak , without caring for the risk , they preferred small investments , tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , that they need huge capital and whose development is in the long term .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and more profound .
Sometimes , we choose not to solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has actually designed a plan .
But go to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars , because everybody thinks there 's more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption , it comes from renewable energy like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and solar energy , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want alternative energy sources that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and treaties <unk> the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 'll see an energy energy policy or the international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that look like technology , they turn out to be .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure to food allocation .
But 30 years of research have been taught that hunger are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food allocation , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes give us a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The president Nixon declared the war into cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many types of cancer , some resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to have effective treatments and viable treatments .
Hard problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have been present : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions must support the solution ; the institutions must be really about a technological problem , and we must understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the technology of technology to solve big problems , it meets these criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like in the Cold War , there 's not a politician like John Kennedy who <unk> how hard and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And it was n't even address any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start <unk> the widespread ideas that you have about trust .
They are so common that have become cliches in our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a big decline of trust , is a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal , and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a lot more clear about the subject .
First of all , they say , why do people think that trust has declined ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that it can be diminished in some activity or institutions , and that might have gone up in others .
I do n't know that .
But I can turn to some opinion surveys , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has gone down .
When you look at the surveys of opinion , you have no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who are <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , still inspiring the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , they 're still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost halfway through the street .
But is this evidence enough ?
What 's opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you look at are the generic attitudes that people manifests themselves when certain questions are asked .
Do they trust the politicians ? Trust me at the teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Do you go into the <unk> ?
Do you get in the fishermen ?
Bring it into primary school teachers ? ''
I 'd probably say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a pretty sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust you in some of them , but in others . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in the real life .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give the kind of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract form ?
I think that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to express the good judgment of the fact of trusting something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I would argue .
I would get more confidence in what 's from trust , but not what it is n't .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do n't trust what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who were taking their savings with the very rightly call called Mr. Madoff , which then disappeared with them , and I think , well , yeah , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Confidence sitting or barred with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , OK , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What 's about making a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be dignity .
But if , otherwise , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but not trusted them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're looking at their own competence .
And I 'm very happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it 's , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
So trust is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've been trying to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that make us easier to make them easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes longer to make the administrative paperwork than to attend . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives , and institutional , that the system of accountability is destined to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What you do is you make the work you have to do the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that we call them boxes , as we say .
I 'm sure you all know these similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we 're trying to be worthy of trust , and if we can try to determine whether other people or politicians or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , attitudes , what 's not done properly .
Third , task .
We 're going to rebuild the task to rebuild the trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do that if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because we give it other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundations of enough that they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , the common people , the officials , the institutions , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks , says that I can send them back without giving some explanation .
I 've taken them and give me the money , or they change them for the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So in the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not something very difficult to figure out .
What people rely on is the relationships , and in that frame , they can determine when and how the other person is dignity .
Thank you .
Since the early computers of computers , we 've been working through the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be taken .
This separation is been shrinking , increasingly , and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the tactile screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining how it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that goes deeper into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen diverted its physical body into pixels .
Designers can put their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still on the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all your hands ?
In the National Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital field of work .
So I combined a transparent bombsight with cameras deep in order to detect the fingers and the face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a shelf on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers , and we make the digital information come towards us ?
Now sure , many of us will be bought and returned from Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
So what I have here is a virtual <unk> Internet Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on the head or translucent when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make it physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
So what would be a future like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is kind of like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside of this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was oxytocin and control the movement through a combination of 3D levitation and mechanical and detectors .
And when you program digitally , the object , you release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can go back and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically <unk> and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets of the planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or the textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but it will start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us with our world <unk> .
We started talking about today talking about a barrier , but if we suppressed that barrier , the only limit that remains our imagination is our imagination .
Thank you .
I became angry to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the 1970s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to beat a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
And after surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only a accurate path toward happiness : a safe , safe job .
Whatever work I would like or not .
But my dream was a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer must start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio show .
But no adults would tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supported , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at age 15 , I knew it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never be done .
<unk> , that during the rest of my life , a second middle-class happiness would be the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one to me around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> the books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' of <unk> -- [ `` <unk> 's History '' ] [ `` <unk> '' from Nan <unk> ' came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` Good Earth , '' is about Chinese Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient <unk> . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment to me was a revelation : `` Get your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I meet a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning this map , it seemed to me outside because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparison is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are research camps as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , it offers academics to a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research , why not do it in everyday life ?
So , I started reading books from two .
They can be about people [ Benjamin Franklin '' ] [ Benjamin Adams '' ] who were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are cheap , political and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychology : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` Road to <unk> Tzu , '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` Road Road '' Alan <unk> instead of missing in translation , I found that you can make a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magical door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I would n't feel like it alone or powerless .
Having a grim dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a shattered dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So , books will always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first customer of psychotherapy .
I was a doctoral student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 10-year-old woman called Alex .
Alex walked into the first session , wearing jeans and he ran off on the couch , threw my shoes on the couch , and he said he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My class of class had a <unk> .
And I played a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex carrying the sessions , it made me easy to just move your head while we 're going to fix the solution .
`` The 1930s is new 20 , '' he said , Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , then you go home , then you have kids later , to death happens later .
<unk> like Alex , and I had time .
But soon after , my supervisor 's squad pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , he 's coming out with guys underneath his category , he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not as if he was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe they 'll marry the next .
In addition , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel like the head of what used to be used , but this did n't have to be a pause in Alex .
This made Alex de Alex were the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and her loving life , but for the careers , the future families and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There 's 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if they consider that no one comes to adulthood without going through the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , take the dream off a 20-year-old , I want to see . All right . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years .
This means eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' which gives your life to be past when they have 30 and so many .
People of more than 40 , do not live panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time of life , and we know that the female fertility comes at its top to 28 , and things become complicated to 35 .
<unk> are the moment to get educated on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily and common life has a <unk> impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
journalists read stupid names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines age .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give a 20-year-old in your head and you say , `` Do you have 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition , and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting things like you or your kids come to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing you time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a race before the 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts going to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts going to sound like this : `` My dates during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
They were all running around , but then somewhere around the '30s , the music went off and they all started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only person who would stop , so I sometimes have married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's a huge pressure on the 1930s and so many of us starting a city , to choose a city , to pick a mate , and have two children in a lifetime period of time .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's some research that starts to show , which is a lot more difficult and even stressful do everything once to the '30s .
The middle of middle-aged age is not about buying red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want to do now , or you ca n't give your child to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> looks at themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but I still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend than ambition .
And even though I live a lot of very difficult <unk> , your previous life had been even more difficult .
We 're often beaten in our sessions , but then she woke up itself , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the whole morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he was looking at empty space that followed after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was about hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What she needed was not a <unk> , which is really worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while just sitting while the Old decade of Emma was in front of her .
So for the next few weeks and months , I told her three things that all of the everyday , man or woman , deserves to know .
First of all , I said to Emma who would be forgotten about that identity crisis and an identity capital .
For capital capital , I mean doing something you add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what they want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and no one knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital makes identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , of that company , that they want to try .
I 'm not going to break up exploration exploration , I 'm discard the exploration that should not tell , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma she would explore jobs , and I 'll tell you .
Second , I said to Emma who urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> that get together with friends with similar minds are limited to whom you know , what you know , how you think , how you 're working , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out of it almost always comes out of their closest circle .
The new things come from what 's called weak ties friends of friends of their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak links are the way we would get them to this group .
Half the jobs never published , then knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way you get a job , not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Finally , but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when he has a couple and form his own family .
I told Emma her time to choose his family had arrived .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live on now , or now you 're going to tell me when all on Facebook are starting to walk towards an altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose to pick them up .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found a fellow quarter of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That supply supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived in .
Now , five years later , it 's special for museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I send out a letter that said , `` Now , <unk> spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out of Los Angeles airport , which go somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a light adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , at the age of 21 or 25 , a good conversation , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the great ones that know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling them as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get identity capital , use their weak ties , pick up your family .
They do n't stop by what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very <unk> job for a job consulting for a work that was even stronger : faculty .
I went to teach them math to seventh grade in New York City in New York City .
And as any teacher , I took testing and testing .
I give them tasks .
When I work , I was going back to grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance had no I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were not going to be so good .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , you 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a given given rate .
But these concepts are n't impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time .
After several years of training , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure it .
It 's the <unk> , but what if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a rapid , easy way ?
So I left the classrooms , and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study of my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the West Academy West .
We tried to predict what we 're going to do with military training and who 's going to be done .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children would be as far possible in the competition .
We studied these teachers car-sharing working in really difficult neighborhoods , <unk> what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and the ones who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students ' learning ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to hold their work ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it arose a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was the determination .
Language is passion and perseverance to reach out for long-term goals .
Language is to have resistance .
Language is clinging to its future , day after day , not just for the week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination of determination , and then I waited about more than a year to see those who are <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had a significant chance of graduate , even when I matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the processes of standardized tests , even the safety that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or the National <unk> of <unk> in which it matters , and it 's also in school , especially for children at the risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What do I have to do to teach kids a strong job ethic ?
How do they keep them for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply do n't follow with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , the determination is not related , or it 's even related to the talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination in children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University for Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and they learn about the brain , and how it changes and grows into response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to fail when they fail , because they do n't believe that it 's a permanent condition .
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech is going to end , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to get it to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be determined to make our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my wildest memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and figure of the Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I was fascinated by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so whoever you want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method and fast learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and a faster way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature , enough to read transit signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
Today I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can until it 's a square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who is going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person on both sides , as if I was screaming backwards , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This guy 's actually originally originally called , but I like to believe it 's like the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door of the door looks like a couple of doors of an <unk> in the old West .
I call them radical , these eight characters .
It 's building blocks so they think many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two is a company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretches their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is caught .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a board underneath the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is pretty stupid .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . It 's <unk> .
One door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the 28th of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , asking questions .
<unk> , played someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women put together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful , adultery .
So we 've already gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that you learn from eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun along the origin , created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up one over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where it is a way out .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd like to be my dad is the films I get to see .
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids , and when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The movie dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to wear a brilliant dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raised our kids into a kind of an industrial fantasy shows .
The magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another movie , whose protagonists , a metal boy and a <unk> kid <unk> a girl who dresses like the enemy .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yeah .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz do today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you are salvation of Oz like prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies from <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters , are women .
I started noticing this when I made `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Just three years .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had gone down . So , so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mom , with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would it feel that Luke was one military to overthrow the government ?
So let 's contrast this with the 1939 Oz .
How does n't Dorothy his movie ?
We 're doing good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz , OK , and not a world of men who are struggling , which is where we are .
Why is there so much strength an F force , force in films for our children , and so little on the path of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know the experience that the <unk> Princess does not give me the right framework that I had served me for the world of adults who are blended . I think at the time in the first kiss , I really expected that the credit , begin to come because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The films are focused on defeat and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior 's suit .
There are many exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney princess at any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the guys how to defend the patriarchy .
There is no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our kids , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being a movie movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to go on classic after classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Do you remember the critical when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a film from a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost no one of these movies is going on the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not thrown roots and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There are just three questions you have to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character than the lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid who liked it ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movies we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film .
Right ? Oscar Oscar , office success , a consensus idea of what 's a <unk> movie movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film is happening in a embassy where men and women hide throughout the hostage row .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this hide , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to get a look at the door and say , you come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular films , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number than this one who 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted , ever once in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the films for children have something to do with that .
Nor do I think music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are these guys ? What are these guys learning ?
What do n't you get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat villain with violence , and then collect the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't talk ?
Now , are we taking that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world , and this statistic of statistics , and we want to get them .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that helps , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their own male power ?
I mean , I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important , and I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how new economy is changing the role of the care that you care about home and <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of `` Star Wars , '' you know what he replied ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that you know more than anybody , and they love to share their knowledge with other people in order to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I say to my son : Go and fight only and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I liked the most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give me lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to them for them .
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me to help me .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and the archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I 'm seeing with my own eyes , I was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew it had to do otherwise .
So I want to show you an example of how different we see using infrared .
This is a place in the Eastern Delta , called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes in the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place goes in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art in Egyptian , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that they were located in some place near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , which is indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere within this enormous envelope of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six times six miles .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as he changed the time , moved to this , and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a city surface on a large landscape ?
Trying to find randomly would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA Mars data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sampling jobs -- you can see it here .
When I say to sampling , it 's like taking pictures of ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , under a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date out of the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat -- what proves there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used by the Middle Empire of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that dates from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop which shows that what I 've been there , was a very important city .
We still did n't find any <unk> here , but we would take place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire of the Middle Empire , was probably written in <unk> years ago .
Let me share knowledge is the oldest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on earth .
So according to it , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas actually happen in 1984 BC , in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly makes the search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
So I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now we 'll take a group of obese obese .
They 're competing in a bike race , and they 're going to address their front door .
I need you to see this .
They 're very strong , they 're sweating , they 're sweating .
And they collide in front of the door of their house .
There are bicycles flying around , wheels that pass on their side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . Come on the door .
To the lobby , the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with his hand .
From your chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur that tickle your nose .
You can smell the oats cookie , and you 're about to get into your mouth .
Come on one side and come in your living room .
In the room , and making maximum use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on their middle table , singing , `` <unk> , A <unk> Baby . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The soil has been coated with a yellow <unk> path , and from the oven come up to you , Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> , <unk> .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is happening every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of <unk> in the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as scientific journalist , hoping , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise man .
There were several men and a few different ages and different ages habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , watching them just once .
We 'll take the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
Let 's add whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be a phenomenon of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook , who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
And I said , `` Ed , when did you realize you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition , they say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to make these miracle acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented a half years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did n't you hear this before ? ''
We were standing out of the classroom of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , albeit a little bit of <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you are an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a deck of cards live , on national television .
That would prove to the world anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to me .
I mean , you have to start with something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended the most part of the year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely with the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that he did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows our memory to see what our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of <unk> Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a evening together at the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I come back , a lot of treaties on the previous memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined memory , and that 's not a thing as rare as you might seem to be .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They 've changed ourselves culturally , and I would say that they 've changed also cognitively .
As we have no need to remember , sometimes it seems like we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of trained , disciplined memory , and farming is this singular competition of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's expertise like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , so I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College invited a group of memory champions , to the lab .
You wanted to know : Is it that they have brains in a way , a structural structural or more of the rest of us ?
The answer was not .
Are they just smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that you compared .
When they put them into an MRI scanner , he <unk> their brains while <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions , they found out parts of the brain , different to others .
They were actually using , or seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament for competitive memorizing is driven as a armed race where each year has a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times of memory champion .
On your desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of pretty messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented , and he just mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary order of appearance .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all of the techniques used by the end to the end of a single concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It is illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> '' paradox .
That 's her name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I asked them , `` Do you remember that word that I told you about a while ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who said to her name is to be unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said his work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory , that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , named name , it does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories they dance through their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They wear hats hats .
They have flour in the hands .
They 're doing well when they go home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we hit that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some back .
One of the more elaborate techniques to do this is a half , and a half thousand years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as `` memory palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> that I attended to a <unk> .
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , he did n't have a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he ran his poem of memory , and left , and so soon it was , the room of the room collapsed .
They were killing everyone .
But it did n't just kill everyone , but it shattered the bodies and left them .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
And so you could n't afford the <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every invited .
He took the family 's family 's family , where their loved ones were between the rubble .
What <unk> <unk> at that moment is something we all know about most or less intuitively , and that is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions , word for our colleagues , we have visual memory and space and remarkable space .
If I wanted to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely that they 're very difficult to do it .
But I 'm willing to bet that if you told me to say who I was sitting on the horse , brown <unk> in its lobby , they would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> and <unk> , is the image , rather memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first <unk> of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make a talk and you want to make it memory , the same way that you would have Cicero if you invited it to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is you can imagine that they 're on the door of your house .
And you come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and you can see the <unk> of the <unk> on Mister Ed .
And that will remind you that you want to introduce her friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears and remind me that funny story that they want to tell .
And then in the kitchen , and the fourth theme that they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
That 's how you have Roman speakers , and you know , you know , the word for word , that will confuse you , but typical by typical .
In fact the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a <unk> of when people thought about speaking and talk in the rhetoric with this sort of spatial terms .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in its memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got out of full of it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this competitive subculture of competitive care .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking exams . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets caught up .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was kind of fun <unk> .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually trying to do is better better and more imagining these ridiculous , rigid images , cartoons , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> glasses with tape leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
He ended up coming back to the same contest that he had covered a year before . He had the idea that he could enter , in a kind of a participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could work for good epilogue for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment was out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , phone numbers , and shopping lists , but it 's actually not the point .
This is just tricks .
It 's because they 're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put into the memory of memory or memorize <unk> , and to benefit from a little insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
Big memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
We 're going deeply when we focus deeply .
The memory palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us tick .
You know , I 'm going to make a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of us are n't going to be wandering around .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things get done .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what I think I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our brief existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , not by paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around us . Will we be so compelling that we do n't even bother to process deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that remember remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so it 's just <unk> a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from officially Jersey , I was six years old , and I was living there in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister .
And in between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that was given to the living room .
And there 's all of the time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody would see me , and every time I got bored and I would go back into a towel , they all saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
I hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Boom .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or <unk> division , but of those gut , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the American Protection Agency spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
And architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
So this means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it is to you : you think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that this is why we 're going to be based on a building built a half and a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time ago .
We use it 200 years to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is frightening .
It 's costly , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , and the governments and the governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they 're going to work .
So we found buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the converts Public Library that ended in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , columns , red bricks , that let her feel <unk> , who could communicate with this building : the children , the property values , the history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country was finished , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , reading and sharing .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new mice , new solutions for existing life forms .
<unk> and <unk> and we did so much , that we completely pull away from people .
All of the black , this gets depressed . You believe we feel very well , but we 're dead because we have no other option .
We need to go to the other side and go back to those appreciated symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , and we 're all happy , so we 're just going to experiment again , we can swing the pendulum back , and over and over again . So we 've done that in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came up from the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's got to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> , on dehumanizing scale .
It 's something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's get the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> them .
It neon neon and added cake and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took <unk> cabinets , and we turn it into skyscrapers , that can be Spaceship unseen .
The shapes will be destroyed , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
People grew up to the size of buildings .
A madness .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend the time in shopping centers , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , to the French , or the Italian .
Maybe with endless pieces of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we <unk> memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the 1980s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the <unk> called <unk> .
We 've got the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find new compositions -- a few ways that are <unk> against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you have completely excluded .
Normally the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , were completely according to a building .
The New York Times <unk> <unk> this silver Times .
tourism for Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical , how is it possible that these are possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media will spread around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing did the major mayors in the world .
So everyone believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the new millennium phenomenon happened to other star architects .
And I went to swallow and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the new millennium of the new millennium , actually began to happen with all the architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how you eat architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked up to the next town to see a building .
transportation is <unk> : they can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
Technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and in the end , we are all photographers of architecture , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now , that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It does n't take a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years old , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before I knew if I designed four years ago , was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found buildings like this .
<unk> was not a <unk> movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , the steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media , it starts swing faster and faster , so far to be in both extreme ends , and it 's effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , the architects , and you , the public .
Now we can make <unk> symbols , with emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently .
We went to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire Island in New York City .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started coming and share it in social media , the building stopped being a single building , it became a medium of communication , because these are not just images of a building , are the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , you become part of personal narrative , and that makes you <unk> with the collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think of architecture , because digital media not only changed the relationship between us , but they 've changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those librarians in your mouth .
If that building is built today , first we 're going to be the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , about innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of teeth , the villagers , and tell them that there are no unique response to what can be a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that are using <unk> words and complicated drawings , and one is no longer an hapless public who does n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
Architects can hear , and you do n't get to <unk> for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems that society faces .
This is the end of the story of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different than today 's buildings .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we 'll finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings will be inserted to the whims of nature and not otherwise .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can get married at night .
So what this means is that three architects can dream of swimming on the East River River , and raise half a million dollars from the community together , it 's not a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot at stake .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give them a way to the smaller spaces -- local libraries , the homes where we formed our kids , and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and she started walking .
And it does that very cool way , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as your body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is you look at the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and he gives themselves those big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do this , and he made me think , `` When did I stop doing this ?
How do we all of a sudden do n't be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , he just wants to be dear and fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused , because , even though her mom says all the time that it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says he 's ugly .
What her mom says , and what his mom says , or she said , he does n't know who to believe .
So a video of her itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others that please leave a comment , `` Am I ugly , or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it pushing them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers of today almost never are alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' thoughts , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
Never before we 've been so connected , so it 's continuous , very young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that goes out of the hand with that are ruthless .
This environment , which is always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kind of comments that they get .
There is no division between living and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is most prominent in someone 's life versus what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from girls ' news .
<unk> size continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like , # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , it means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people compare .
But the kids are n't immune to this .
Like the <unk> stars , and <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're <unk> individuals .
But in a very obsessed culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , to the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical skills , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six of 10 girls would prefer to do something because they think they do n't look pretty nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as a taxpayer to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , they 're going to be involved in the classroom , because they do n't want to call attention for their physical appearance .
One out of five are not attending class at all during the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you look good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a minor note on the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it goes regardless of what these young people are weigh .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about you , you know , not how you 're really .
It 's low self-esteem on your body 's performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they participate in more diet not healthy they can take them into a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily aware of the people around them and they are at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's why we think that 's why they make more risky decisions , as the consumption of alcohol and of drugs , dramatic diets , static surgery , aesthetics , sexual activity , and of the early ages and no protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview on one day where they do n't feel safe in the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be that opportunity ?
It 's about the potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we need to instill trust in its own body .
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our children follow , not only will have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
One education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us that let 's take the driver 's seat and be a better role model for women and girls in our own lives .
I defy the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts , or of fact , that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people so they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by taking responsibility for the kind of images for the kind of feedback that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , `` When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to change our culture , so that our children will grow to be valuing their entire person , valuing ours , diversity , inclusion .
We need to put people that really make a difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we 'll just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe they are never going to be those who are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
A sister ?
A daughter ?
Do n't you ? Your friend ?
It could be simply the woman who is two seats away . What would it mean to her if it was liberated from that voice <unk> inside her voice , who haunts her not to have long legs , lying more thin , a lower belly , smaller belly ?
What would it mean for her if we did this , and would we have to release their potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us back to everyone .
But let 's take our children the truth .
I guess the way that you 're looking at it is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is we love them for those who are and what they do , and because they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem in our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that small groups of a year age today will become <unk> agents in themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> came into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi ' rabbi <unk> , the leader of the Defense ' League of Defense <unk> .
They initially wished initially , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , started planning from attacks on a few <unk> of New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the U.N. headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were inserted for an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't be avoided .
Later , he would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , elementary school teacher , and among the two they made everything possible for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even a few Muslims , come to meet .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it 's not needed a lot to get to the same things in life .
However , all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who were so empowered to their convictions , who think we need to use all the possible media for everybody to live for them .
A few months before arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to death training in Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with it the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , I was grappling with the FBI .
When I got to throw away , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave you the little orange light on the goal , and to surprise everyone , especially my own , all the target broke on fire .
My uncle went back to others , and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a parent , such a son .
Now , all of the comment produced a lot of laughter . But just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
They saw in me , the same level of destruction my father could cause .
These people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> <unk> of explosives on the underground parking lot on the subway park of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and injured another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to .
When I turned 19 , I had already moved me 20 times . That instability for my childhood did n't allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone , it was time to pack up and go to another city .
As I was always , I was the new new face of class that was often a victim of <unk> .
I secret my identity to avoid being the white . But it will be the new of the class , silent and chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't have social skills , to say very softly . It 's going to grow under <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like her race or religion .
So , how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that was put in a test for my thinking , was during the presidential presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I was involved at the National Convention in the National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> on the subject of youth violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I felt very passionate about .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
And I took several days to go out into the light this detail , and I realized that there was no wit between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job work in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all the gay people were bad influences .
By any chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical thing I 'd ever seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy to treat people kind , exactly the way I wish I 'd be treated .
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with experience in real life .
I do n't know how it 's about being necrophilia , but I know what 's going to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then she came `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and it was helping me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my paternal shape at a moment where I was desperately desperately going .
And sometimes the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my own life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother , about how my thinking was changing , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever while he 's alive .
She looked at me with somebody 's eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is n't <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who 's going to bring to violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which although I was reminded of this violent and <unk> ideology , I did n't get a clue .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism to speak , in those meaningless acts , like rejection my father 's actions .
Now , with this simplicity , I 'm proof that violence is not inherent of any religion or race , which children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Now there 's a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an incredible movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> of what you hear and you see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moment of your childhood who project your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious of conscious thinking .
The heart of the film is you who experiences everything live .
This film is your stream of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly .
At least , I know I have a conscience of your own .
I do n't have certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are n't we just robots that are given what we got to produce results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , no one knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , I 'll get that vision .
So psychology was experiencing affected behavior , neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but no one mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
It was <unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's time for science to flourish . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy on the fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain types of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work in neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas are doing and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well it does n't address the real central mystery of this matter : Why do all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is it a subjective internal film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon , like traffic jams , like the <unk> , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how they run traffic , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize the living organisms , and they 're all questions about the goal .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk , how do we play chess ; all of these are questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that every behavior is accompanied by subjective experience ?
And here 's the standard of the emergence of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , is actually not very much to say .
I 'm a materialistic heart of heart .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I was hitting my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get us at this point .
We have a wonderful string of explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness is now a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that were crazy at first , before we can deal with awareness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is explain objective functions , the brain behaviors , and that 's how everything needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pure reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
Over time , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
<unk> sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks , space , time and mass .
<unk> laws that govern , as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything more basic .
Instead , it 's kind of as fundamental , and you 're building the world .
Sometimes , the list is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass law laws , so I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and he applied electric charge as a fundamental concept that these laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , payload , then by a matter of logic , you have to <unk> the list .
The most natural would be addressed by consciousness itself as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens the way to deal with scientifically constraints .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them together in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something .
We want to find fundamental fundamental laws that we can stamping on in a t-shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This view is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , `` <unk> , '' by all , `` <unk> , '' by mind , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when they 're thinking `` <unk> , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , so not .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some raw , subjective feeling , some primal precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How do anybody think about something so crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
One more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that we think about thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever you get information processing , you have consciousness .
Digital <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
Digital information , simple consciousness .
One very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of integrated information in a system .
And it 's supposed to be <unk> with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a means of information integration , as much as significant , very important awareness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> declines .
The level of information integration is smaller , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness from scratch .
In fact , offers a fundamental law of consciousness : high grade of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk to us about the reality underlying .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where 's the fire of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to protect our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences quite quite serious .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything to you , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think that thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral advocates , is not both the fact about consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the Samantha 's artificial intelligence system in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated information , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are fairly serious ethical problems with the ethic of our smart computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , as the audience at a TED Talk , right now we have a TED collective brain , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you should take seriously .
So this vision seems to be a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm really sure that the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one , that is universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , a lot of challenges , how these little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally figure it out .
Understanding consciousness is the true key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we only need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , my friends , my friends , my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 , a member of my community came over to my parents because I wanted to <unk> for a community Prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's pretty nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a <unk> in my mother 's hair 's hair , and I spent a lot of time watching the `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I was nothing really extraordinary at all .
Nothing to be considered a achievement if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching , in a high school in Melbourne , so only after about 20 minutes in the 11 o'clock school , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What 's the discourse ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about the law of defamation for good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in chairs of wheels are talking about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the hall hall . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had experiences with disabled people as inspiring objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the blame of the guy , that is , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this scenario <unk> what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I was afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've lied to disability .
Yes , you 've sold the lie that disability is something -- a bad thing , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing to live with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it ca n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You might have seen one , of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid running with a carbon fiber <unk> legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn of deliberately , because we would take a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So , in this case , it <unk> the disabled in the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , that 's why my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost account for the number of times as I 've been approached by strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my job had a public profile .
It was like I was getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , we encouraged people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities .
You 're there so you can see them and think that things are not that bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled person is actually something hard .
Let 's take a few things .
But the things that we do are not the things that you can think of .
It 's not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I was <unk> to the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited with him .
And the things I need to do , and I 've learned to pull the best on its ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to do it in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we have sold this lying that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what they 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are you not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And I know I am .
Now I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
I do n't learn I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I learned that this is a great idea to use some barbecue <unk> to collect the things that they fall down -- I read the clever trick of how to load your phone battery into the chair battery .
Great .
We learn about the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lies that have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in a stretch of stairs has never done it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> to a television screen will not show the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and declare a positive attitude to turn all those books to the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to actually live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> , '' you wo n't be considered <unk> from nothing to being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disability that we 're standing with by getting up from bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where one of 11 degree at a high school in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user .
disability does n't do remarkable , but question what you think to know about it , I know what you do .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without charge ?
Unfortunately , today I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't fall apart .
When people think of augmented reality , he thinks in `` Minority Report , '' and in Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that happens in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I 'm wearing : the Google glasses Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you might not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what 's going to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to get it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , below a helmet and knowing what is running through the game of 100 miles an hour , blood hitting their ears .
We can know that a man of 110 pounds <unk> us , trying to <unk> it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you , it 's not nice .
So I 've got some videos to show you what is using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images from NFL practices , because the idea of NFL NFL idea is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a moment . Let 's get a little bit .
So , ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that you need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 : Blue 9 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , being your favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get it full , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which is probably a lot of you know .
<unk> Rift has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster fearing for his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan , when you add a little fan of Adrian <unk> across the line , adding a <unk> with the arm before you run and make an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I could be ready to run through the court , putting out the ball at the bottom of the network , or do you want to do a Wimbledon job ?
What will be your experience when a mountain goes down to over 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe it was <unk> for adult diapers .
But this is n't even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , augmented reality , when the coaches , the <unk> and owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win party ? ''
Because they 're always using technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick review on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> had a <unk> to his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the helmets of <unk> and then in the defenses of defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group and you see his next hand show in front of you , in a plastic display that you put on . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go into the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because they do n't follow their instructions , they lose party , and they hate to lose party .
If you lose parties , you get a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a lot better strategies .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game of play .
How do you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are below .
You also get information from the helmet and <unk> data , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is send you to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to take the good teams of bad guys .
So , your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
It 's also going to be for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that you 're the field <unk> .
You get the ball and <unk> .
So , you know , a flashlight on the left side . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight would tell you that a defense behind you is to <unk> it . Normally , you would n't see it , but the system 's system <unk> you .
<unk> to the protection area .
Another flashlight told you that there 's an open receiver .
You get down the ball , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where it lands . However , the receiver sees a <unk> area that lights up and can change the race .
He 's coming , catching the ball , runs and puts it .
The public goes crazy and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something to create a massive emotion in the party .
So I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sports because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage the empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> .
It generates billions of income per year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a question , how damaging are their actions from the victim of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how are you being pursued ?
How much is it also for a dental <unk> or an Neil world-changing , trying to inspire a generation of kids to think more about space and science rather than <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as always , of us .
Thank you .
I 've been retired after 23 years of service in the California <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years ago , I was <unk> the southern tip of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most widely used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , <unk> head , trying to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical nor practical .
But from its openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers will take you back to another dimension , this bridge has idealized as such , so that the fall of it from it will release you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free fall of four to five seconds , the body appears against water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
Those who do n't , usually in the helpless water and then they drown .
I do n't think that we 've embraced this suicide method , realizing that they 're going to face it .
This is the wire .
Except , around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel of a bridge .
This is where most people are going to be before they get their life out .
I can tell you because the experience that the person is on that edge , and in the darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year as this young man was talking with a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you that we had a success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel these calls through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those of us who were treating suicide , but the officials too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists trained the new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year as a possible subject of a suicide subject in the middle of the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I watched Jason talking with a official of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and he had flown up to here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up until two times before the New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
Of course , it came out pests , sorrows , and all kinds of ills against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
A few moments stopped , he leaned on to the right , and it was .
This kind of clever , smart guy in New Jersey had had just taken off his life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing all right , because the next day , the family rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
collateral damage affect a lot of people .
I 'm asking you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved outside suicidal ?
What would you say ?
Let me tell you what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , but you need to hear .
Listening to understanding .
Do n't smoke , you know , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
It 's just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think that someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
Do you hold into the person in front of you can save your life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs : despair , to believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to be better ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , it 's shared social isolation , and a lost of the interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing that I read them .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope that you can tell many people and go home talking about their friends and tell their friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of giving me really that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving back to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father on the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported as they disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officials came to my house , and they told me that the car of Mike was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the afternoon .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before before without a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call by a suicide subject on the sidewalk near the bridge of the bridge .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this guy , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me immediately , the railing immediately came up , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the hour and a half after , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided for her that day to come back on that lane , and give him a chance .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was the thing that made you back and gave you to hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard you .
I was left talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to make it out .
`` Dear <unk> <unk> , nothing erase the 9/11 events , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin follows with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly properly .
She took Kevin when it was only six months , completely unaware of all those traits that we 've got , but because of God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , like he says .
We thank God for you .
It 's <unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of it , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to be <unk> like the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a active member of society .
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I found myself at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , robbery me the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of hurting another person .
They just want their own pain .
Generally , this is actually achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol .
In my career , I 've been answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge .
Out of those incidents I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who talked about about an hour .
And for that time , I 'm holding my hand on three times .
In the end of the end , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , the vast majority of the people we get to contact with that bridge do n't kill themselves .
In addition , those few who have jumped of the bridge and lived and that they can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they leave on side the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and each of us should work to do .
suicide can be preventable .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you 're , and a question mark : How do you become that ?
I should be something unique to that , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had since .
My outside finally <unk> with my inner self , with my inner self .
For reasons , I 'm going to look at me later , when I look at this picture , I think , you ran it up , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We are all faced with our families , our religion , our society , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of you have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color color or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called epiphany .
This is mine .
They recorded as `` boy '' when I was born because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always get that shirt on your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
Gender has always considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , actually , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I will never be passionate about sharing my story , not because he thought I 'm a bad thing , but how the world is trying to get away .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I 've got Mom , Dad and a family who was accepted to me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the CEO of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why do n't you participate in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she did n't get paid for the inscription fees and the costumes . And that night , he won in bathroom , he won on my software suit , and he was a third finalist among over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was queen of beauty from transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goat goddess , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more important than all of that , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to the United States .
I was stuck .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know , if you told the U.S. , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me that I was two , `` My name . ''
She was also accompanied by me when I operated in Thailand at the age of 19 .
And it 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand to do the most desolate , sophisticated and safe surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary for surgery before they changed the name and the gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and the `` F '' in female female .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means power to drive or can get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears became <unk> .
I felt like I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and it will be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who bravely lived his truth , but he said , `` <unk> , '' he 'll end his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All of the 20th , we make a global vigil for the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long story of people who <unk> and stood in front of the injustice .
This is emailed Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living in living with my truth .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday there 's no longer <unk> from November 20 .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first of all , thank you for all my blessings .
I have my support network , my parents , especially my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to young women , I remember , and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we were all assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that some times that piece is not block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to speak , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . <unk> : Thank you .
In many technological and tribal societies , the parents are often known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when he was thrown out of his efforts in 2011 , by giving the National Environmental 's National Prize , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when when we were born a girl , her birth does n't celebrate .
It 's not welcome , not for her father , not for her mother .
So , the neighborhood comes , gives her mother to mother , and no one would hold the father .
And a mother is driven by having a little girl .
When you give birth to the first child , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When it comes to light to the second daughter , they will become <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers from it , but the daughter 's newborn daughter , when she grows , too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , she 's home to stay home and school admits of their siblings .
Until 12 years , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , you 'll prohibit it from your house without a male driver .
It 's confined to four walls of your house .
It 's no longer an free person .
It turns into the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if he <unk> the code of that of the honor of honor , he might even kill .
And it 's interesting that this <unk> of course does n't just affect the life of a girl , also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters on behalf of the honor of the honor .
And there is a norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the judgment .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepts your father 's decisions and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or whether you marry an old man , it has to accept it , because it does n't want to be seen by <unk> .
If the very young marry , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson to her daughter , and the same honor of honor to her children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and I looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of the freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> of <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked down , all of them were men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half , the <unk> in my school .
You may ask , why should I mention the admission to a kid in a school ?
Yes , I should be mentioned .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many countries , in many countries , but in poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they 'd be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I took the Canadian miracle form , and I was at the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was why I value my daughter .
What my father could n't give her sisters and her daughters , I thought he had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
You 'll sit down with me when my friends come to see me .
I encouraged her to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've been trying to figure out in his personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've done all these good values in my school to girls and boys for the same .
I used education for emancipation .
He taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
He <unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of engaging women in all political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few talked about , and it was terrifying to have all of those people who kill and kill when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and stood up in the right to education .
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog , he offered her himself by the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They 're <unk> like a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign , and the ninth of October 2012 , was fired in his head .
It was a day my family for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into my wife , `` Should I blame for what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , you do n't bother me .
It 's a fair cause .
It takes your life in play by the cause of the truth , because of the cause of peace , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words , I 'm a lot of <unk> to me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe pain and strong headaches because her facial nerve was cut off , I used to see a dark shadow that was obscured by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
He used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , you know , with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we 're going to tell us .
He <unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest times , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , it 's like any <unk> girl .
He 's crying when he does n't end his job .
They fight her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I tell you , do n't ask me what I did .
Let 's get what I did n't .
I did n't cut off their wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> in the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in charge of Google , where I 've had a <unk> of Google <unk> <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about here today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or outside my job there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you 're going to take a brain operation .
Are you still being like smart or not ?
Would n't you be able to become smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how many , over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get a chance to stay alive .
More than once I 've been saved by a time .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience it to try and get the <unk> dose , because there 's no clear map that will say it in <unk> .
I began to test with mixing different , and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried dose and typical chemists , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I was thinking all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've known several guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , kind of insecure , fixing a problem that was in front of it , and it just did n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
It changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and about what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , by setting those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was back my intelligence after the disease and the operation ; my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I just think of most of us in images , and that became my point of key reference : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes , and Hobbes , look at things like this .
They thought images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people asking this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I got to find the point right , and I 've got lots of great <unk> , really <unk> , really sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to get fast these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a filmmaker could be able to use their imagination just to lead to the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could I extract the music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty of doing this is simply to increase the resolution of our systems of brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that were done by two groups leading up in neuroscience .
They both used MRI , image by functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scanning by <unk> <unk> and their Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The backbone of the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see the difference is almost zero .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the laboratory of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They made the brain waves into perceived visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were taking place to create a great pool of their brain reactions to the video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as you get a new scanning .
The computer , using only brain data , scanning it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the makers of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This blew us up .
We 're pretty close to that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's believed in the brain the same map .
This led to the brain scanning systems of the major resolution available today , and their resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are lots of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I ca n't offer myself .
Many of you are proposing new techniques of projection by images , even me . So , with the recent result of MRI , we should first ask the following , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with bigger magnets , but at this point , more <unk> magnets only offer small improvements in resolution , does n't get over thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : rather than bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the advances in recent advances in <unk> , brilliant solutions at coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and exposed radio frequency in MRI systems .
At once , instead of a magnetic field , we use structured patterns in structured radio frequencies .
So , when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio pattern , we can increase the information that you can get in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide our growing knowledge of the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the blood <unk> fluid , but the <unk> hormones that I mentioned , and maybe even direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas directly into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter thinking ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and similar diseases .
We have a few options more than opening this door .
Anyway , choose one year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it takes a lot more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Her closet may not be saying to some person for the first time that he loves her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or saying to someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you 've gone through in life .
It 's a hard conversation , and even though our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet , is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked on the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't know my armpits , to quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be the slope of my pants <unk> , and I had my head <unk> , I was like , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be a awkward silence on the table .
Let me get my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and it would go inside .
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
It would be that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the female affairs at the table , I had the quotes with Betty <unk> .
Sunday dates .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed up .
So , take a deep breath , and I went down and I got my back a four-year-old girl , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question , `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , and I got a lot of a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something really confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I 've seen baby clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
All right , I 'm more than the girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Ah . You 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the hard conversation that I 've ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , both of them , were honest with one with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbows .
But inside the dark , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how a feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Now sure , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why coming out of my closet , it was harder to get out of your closet , but this is the issue : The hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared in banking , is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than to tell your <unk> child that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classify what 's difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should just feel empathy because we all live something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and you can make sure , you can feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and high-heeled shoes .
I was n't smart lesbian ready to fight for any four-year-old who would go into coffee .
I was frozen for fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and move only a muscle is the scariest thing I 've ever done .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to be not disappointed , and now the world was turning around .
It was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable results was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time many of the guests knew that it was gay , and when I did my Lady of honor , in my black dress and a heels , and I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were my parents , people who I knew was years old .
And after talking to a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay storytelling had begun .
`` <unk> , ever were you on the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will , Grace ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but she 's waiting to show him her support , to get me to know that she was on my side , finally said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
You might have been easy to indicate where they felt like it .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but they are to strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
So the hard conversations continue to be my strong point .
Ask anybody that I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it implies out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be true .
Hold around armor . Be yourself .
That little girl in the cafe was not armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be a direct . Just shake it . Turn your patches .
If you know you 're gay , you 're going .
If you say to your parents that maybe you could be gay , they will keep the hope that that could change .
They wo n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- leave the complex .
You communicate .
It will never be touched by that .
And some of them can get out of safe wounded , and they can get away from what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry about what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you will be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is what you want to write .
So next time you find it in a dark closet , you would have a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
They may be very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of what intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine may think is as interesting as the question of a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , he did this as a critical to the computer pioneers , like Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
First , let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're a alien race , who do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of neuroscience of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very odd effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , it does n't have any concept about the Earth 's intelligence , you would see that it would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , until a moment in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And so I 'm saying that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place a number of years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , across various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately accurately for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that would promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the process of robotic movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , asked , for a number of years , is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , an F , that acts in order to maximize freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain open choices , with a T force , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending time imminent , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get caught .
So intelligence is trying to maximize freedom of action and maintain open choices .
And so , you know , given this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you know the level of human intelligence ?
Does artificial intelligence do ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research on cosmology has suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection is going on between entropy and intelligence , is the deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually emerges from it ?
To figure out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system where it finds itself into .
Remarkably , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play human games , and even making money trade , all of that without that they would have been told to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human standing without falling over , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a pole .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided for his account to balance the pole .
This ability to balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This capacity of tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition to some other animals , just like some other animals can cooperate throwing opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that we can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning , and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains of domains .
For example , here we see it successfully playing a game of pong game against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
So here we see these new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly constantly and keeping them successfully connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , in energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a shipping fleet , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world 's scope to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in responsive defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discover and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated <unk> series of actions , successfully increasing assets under their exponentially .
This risk management skill will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tool use , upright walking and social cooperation , every single one of one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you 've got smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines looked up against us .
One of the major consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion , the reverse .
It 's not that machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the urge to take control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the search for objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How is it that looking for goals to go off from this kind of frame ?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the offspring to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that is trying to maximize freedom of action and avoid restrictions on their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge to how the Earth fits in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit other stars , what points to Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when the planets go ahead and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered the sizes of the planets apart from the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
In conjunction , it helps us to understand if these planets are small and rocky planets like the terrestrial planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
At once , this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure of potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
Last year was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused a global scale have rapidly moved our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet by influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more we look at planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know best : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little bit further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially habitable world that has shown this by a mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface for clues to the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit the orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Today , private companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the tantalizing chance of living on Mars .
But even though all of these <unk> images remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still remain by colonize , places actually <unk> on Mars .
Even in the largest and highest places of the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen , by our tropical forests , thousands of miles away .
I worry that this excitement on the colonization of Mars and other planets I 'm going to do with you a lot of sad , sad shadow : the implication and the belief in some of the things that we will expect to save in order to save of this sort of <unk> of the only planet that we know that is truly livable , the Earth .
So I like to like exploration exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there for safeguarding humanity is as you can imagine that the captain of the Titanic will actually have place later in the <unk> boats . Thank you .
But the targets for <unk> exploration and land is not <unk> .
No , they are actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
<unk> environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They just meet closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain spaces habitable , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the land , maybe we could meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a thought experiment : paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi 's physicist asked , having realized that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found an alien life evidence so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider to live between the stars , they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the origin of the planets that are going to develop this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only is going to save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and <unk> can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend to the rogue environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'm going to hold my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining room table , where I had left them .
So fast , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all pretty much closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time in getting , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early on Europe , and I would hold my passport and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but sure that no more expensive than a half night ago , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd come up with you .
I 'm a neuroscientist a profession , and I know a little bit about how your brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate , <unk> the adrenaline of the adrenaline , and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started wondering , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in place , that can prevent bad things happening .
Or at least , if bad things happen , it 's going to make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but for a month later , my thoughts did n't .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , winner of the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed tell him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called <unk> hindsight .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come out and try to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you 're looking forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then tries to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is a few things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with obvious .
At the house , I 'll make a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track track of the location of the important things , where the good , where the fish are , that places the <unk> trees , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was embedded in the London <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you asked if someone actually did the experiment , they cut the sense of <unk> from the squirrels and still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move too much .
This is the reason to lose the car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , I would hold a place to the keys , a hook to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular table in particular .
If you go to a place , and you 're kind of <unk> with it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take your credit card a picture of your credit card , license from driving , passport , <unk> by mail for themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that low stress is not going to be at best , and you have to put systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful situations than when you 're facing a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our health care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> like a whole <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from the rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit tall . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you lower your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of patterns , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . It 's even likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for most doctors do n't want to talk about , and companies are even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number needs to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to abide by surgery in any medical procedure before they help one person .
And should you think of what kind of <unk> statistics is that ?
The number has to be one .
My doctor would n't give me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like that .
And it 's not a doctor 's fault , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's the scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs works only by 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number necessary to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think it 's ?
How many people have to take it before they help one person ?
300 .
This is according to the research that researchers <unk> Jerome <unk> , and Pamela <unk> , <unk> independently <unk> .
I myself explored the numbers .
300 people have to take a drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or other reviews .
Now , you may think , `` Well , a chance in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Get the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic , and it is , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain , and articulate , pain pain , but they 're now thinking , `` Five percent is not likely to happen to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember , under stress do n't think clearly .
So , think of how we do this over time , so you do n't have to build the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 people have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that the drug will help you .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You might be thinking that I 've launched this number in air through the value of the crash , but actually this number that we need to treat is quite typical .
By the surgery for the surgery that you get in the older men in the older men , <unk> for cancer , the number necessary to treat it is 49 .
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include impotence or erectile dysfunction , incontinence urinary , probe , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of the 50 percent of the effects only about a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think of before time the questions that you might make , you know , the conversation forward .
You do n't have why to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have an option many times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that might have much pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change your mind in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the problem or your immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism in those things , it does n't react very quickly . You could get to be the lions of lions , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is logical logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we all are rejects .
We 're all going to fail occasionally .
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
He <unk> at night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a combination of combination with the door , with a key to the front door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of messages that I 've never read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I look at the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , '' is my favorite music symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a music instrument , and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to touch it more gently .
Two ' <unk> , even more gentle .
Four . ' <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , never to be silent to a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the U.S. American system , the <unk> , in addition to my own story .
The French sign language came over the 1800s , and over time , I mixed with local signs , and the language developed the language we know now as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
Now , I realize now that it 's not true for anything .
Sound are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , tracking their rules , customs , behavior and rules without <unk> .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I learned , I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't reinvent the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise from the bag of chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , Make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
All of this , I call it `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more of what the average person does .
I 'm a <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for having the sound , which is to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , by deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and smudges <unk> .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , do it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I have only four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for a artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now sound has come into my territory of art .
Will it give me more of the art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience your ears .
I can feel it in a touch or experience visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything I had taught me about sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new work body .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , was something of a listener .
And sound is so powerful that I could get it to me and my artwork , or I could empower it .
I chose to get it to me .
There 's a massive culture around speaking language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to society 's eyes is like I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well and to become my voice .
That way I am able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with many different interpreters of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I was asking for <unk> your voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could be able to hold it into oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So , with sound as my new artistic medium , it would be <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture , and to express fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said in <unk> .
And both of them are very , very highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor for you to understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> are divided into many different parameters .
If you assigned a standard standard for each finger , while you touch the piano , like facial expression , your body 's movement , your body 's movement , the shape of your hand , and so , while you touch the piano , your English is a linear language , as if you were on just a key at the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of clear or idea in <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal is called `` <unk> . ''
This is the <unk> sign on it .
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> .
Oh , I 'm going to remind you .
Oh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So , I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and it would take it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and puts it .
This is all day .
If you slow it down , it <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same can be said from `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents what time in <unk> , and how distance into the body can make changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is , `` It 's a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea at once , `` Once there was . ''
`` Time Time '' is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times a leg .
However , when I look at the word `` common time , '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : hand left .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight ] [ Time ] [ unclear ] [ Time ] [ Time ] [ unclear ] , I 'm going to show you a form of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands .
Now we 're going to do so much on the head like the chest , something like `` ordinary time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love with the international system . ''
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs across the world .
The second one that I 'd like to show you is this . Please do that with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
Let 's do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Now , look at how three signs are very similar , and they 're all going on in your head and the chest , but they 're doing very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because <unk> does n't have a sound , it does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , and you need to hear about learning music .
<unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a kid , my parents would tell me , `` You can do everything , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I became older , I found out that adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good at cleaning the other people in the other .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and I teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it back .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big vessels and networks , to collect these little pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and the classify and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So with my students , with age six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of work with <unk> , so that the kids are very <unk> to be involved as well .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and great .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child , and try to get them into something we hope to work .
So , we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , you just need information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
And then we created very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we took light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that 's moving slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic , floating through the sensor , as the computer 's computer on board this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
We put this invention step into a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with hope that someone will get it better .
So the great thing about this project is that the students saw a local , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem '' -- but my students in Hong Kong are very highly informed children .
You see the news , you see the Internet , and you 're going to get excited with this image .
A child , maybe shorter than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were shocked because this is the water you drink , it 's the water you bathe , the water where they bathe , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil also are brown color , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a high-pressure that can burn through all kinds of chemicals that make different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
So we started this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remotely help other children .
[ I can investigate a problem as a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and I was also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French half and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it triggered a lot of giant waves , called future tsunamis , and these tsunamis destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear station at the water .
And today , according to the reports of a 300 tons still are leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of them , of course , is safe , is blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in a way independent with other scientists , land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents did n't allow us .
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the <unk> all their life .
Together with them , we discussed the data , we talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map around the plant of nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and stacked water to simulate the rain .
So , with this , we were able to notice that radioactive dust was extracted from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this organized , we organized a civilian expedition , the nearest to the date .
We zoom in to a half miles of the nuclear station , and with the help of the ground , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracker <unk> that we invented and build .
Here 's a progression : We 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turn it into the largest space for the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where the adults and the kids can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can actually become the help of adults , and where adults can be kids again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help on the mobility of the elderly population to transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the terrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we should make the next generation for the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twins , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is over the environment , the other one believed it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that will be free .
The <unk> was unique to Michelangelo .
But living creatures are n't <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we carry all the information needed for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The lanes of assembly have dictated a world made out of parts , including the imagination of designers and trained architects to think their objects as a <unk> of discreet parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You 're acting mostly as filter , the other mainly as the barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : There 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that varies gradually their functionality through variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shown on the two screens after me .
My job , in its simplest level , tries to unite these two visions of the world , leaving out of the assembly and approaching growth .
You probably ask , why now ?
Why was n't it possible for this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment , where they connect four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools across scales , scale , such as this robotic arm with a scope of 24 meters in diameter with a steering basis that some day not far away to print entire buildings , and graphs for the nanoscale made of genetically engineered microorganisms , they glow in the dark .
Here we have <unk> the latticework , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and has created a screen where every aperture is size to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D 3D skirt between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines combines materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanning scanner .
That designers have access to this high resolution of high-resolution , and the synthetic instruments , enables us to design products that are not just the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed a acoustic chair , a chair at the same time , comfortable and also it absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , we went back to nature to be inspired , and to design this <unk> pattern , becomes <unk> .
We 've got this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , varies their functionality not by addition to another material or another assembly , but they continuously continuously and the material ownership of material .
But is it the ideal nature ?
No parts of nature ?
I did n't raised me in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them became , and it came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends out the Earth to grow a ton of fruit . ''
For that first tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the earth did grow trees with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design be if objects did about one piece ?
Would you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we looked for the biblical material , the kind of material that 's <unk> with fruits , and we found it .
The second <unk> most abundant on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons being produced every year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We thought that if we can tune in to their properties , we could make <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks , the <unk> and produced paste <unk> .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , smooth and transparent .
To print structures on a large scale , a system was built with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the gait , and creating these structures made from a single three , <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable material .
When the pieces are lists , it gets dry to find a natural way to contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms loops that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria , we genetically capture carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without <unk> beams , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree <unk> .
Working with an old material , one of the first life forms on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects that are designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> the marine life -- and placed in the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next design exploration was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own elements of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made in form additive and <unk> in biological form .
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alchemy , just instead of precious metals that are synthesized , new functionalities capabilities are synthesized within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 've got our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lives in the human intestine .
One makes light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , they do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution for design .
In order to hold these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , that will help that flow these bacteria and that they would promote their function .
So we began to grow these channels to grow in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they <unk> more transparent channels .
This digestive digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , for 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be scooped at TED , our first wearable photosynthetic channels , brilliant liquid channels in life inside of clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
What if we could create structures that get alive ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we would build our skin , we 'll get damaged tissue and share our bodies ?
Think of this as a way to edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
So , you always have to go back to nature .
Now , you know , a 3D printer prints material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it that way .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which we 're going .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , linking those fibers to each other .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm is starting in the environment , creates a tension structure , and then starts to get a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we paste a small magnet on the head of a silk worm , right ?
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you 've got a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets touched and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates could shape raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot by making silk templates , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew that silk worms were embedded to more dark and cold and cold areas , so we use a solar path diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing the silk worms of the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We asked them 4,000 silk worms to an online silk worm .
And after them to feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get up with us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they were <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , they put eggs , and life starts again , like us , but much more short .
Now , Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you get biological silk , about <unk> silk , you get all this pavilion your integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , 4,000 of them worms will cheat 4,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
<unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full filling .
If the last frontier of design is to bring life into products and buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring together these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which leads us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands us for the first time , that we 're taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time , this ?
You can hang on with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if you ask the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
They have caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , the kill and the art and the art on websites , and also played the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard of us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm focusing on something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to tell you about it , and I 'm going to let myself pick up , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my way , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denied all my other passions , and we would promote <unk> .
Another reason why caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad at me is not going to do anything .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or to be dispersed , or <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I would like to ask myself , I 'd like to ask you .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned that in culture .
`` What do you want to be more ? ''
We 're about five years old .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what we 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive issue to cause positive answers in kids like , `` Be an astronaut , '' or `` will I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to get the Halloween suit here .
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways , the instruction , for example , to high school students are asked to be picked in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise of it before you take sleep .
Why ?
Now , if this question inspire kids to dream what they might be , it does n't inspire to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though you 've well-intentioned well-intentioned you might laugh and say , `` Oh , what 's cute , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's craftsman and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , a magazine editor then turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of living is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or true calling , the idea that each one of us has something to do with what I 'm going to spend on this land on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is , and I 'll devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not wired this way ?
What if there 's a lot of different themes that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that frame .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel it does n't have a target .
And feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that to say .
It could help if it divided into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that you 've got the same idea , as scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance time , the ideal was who I was okay with <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
They 're looking at any term you either like or write yourself .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned from talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths in being like this .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests on cartography , data visualization , travel , mathematics and design , by starting <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates `` geographically <unk> jewels . ''
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea by their eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening at intersections .
There 's the new ideas there .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is fast learning .
When we were <unk> <unk> , we 're going to do it .
We 're looking at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it was many times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid to try and test new things and get out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to each new area we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> of full-time and independent writer .
As a child pianist refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest known <unk> .
Before I was in a writer , <unk> was a city planner .
He had to learn the earliest sales mechanics when he started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for publishers .
It rarely is a loss of time to go to what you attract , even if at the end of the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is the adaptability . I mean , the ability to transform into whatever you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , another , <unk> designer , sometimes consultant 's designer , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because they do a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
<unk> Company Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly , which are the individuals and organizations that can be able to match the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> ideas , quickly learning and adaptability : three skills where the <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could be lost if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster people who are themselves .
We have complex problems , is multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
<unk> of the belly , knowing that they wanted to be your pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong in you either .
In fact , some of the best teams made up of a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist may dive deep and put ideas , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all be able to design lives and careers who are attached to how we are connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> in large part of them , they 're just invited to be more like their specialized partners .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the internal wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to take it through every media .
That 's where you 're going to give your best .
But for <unk> in the room , including those that you 've just realized about being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep with curiosity for those <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> led her to a psychiatric institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help <unk> it , but they 'll go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy , and they found strange plates and rolls it into the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help than he had taken her back years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since medicine has a lot more advanced .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many cancer treatments , drugs for HIV , replicated for <unk> and much more .
But a little bit has been moved on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade ago .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's disease now affects 40 million worldwide .
But in 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 , or more , the chance of Alzheimer 's will be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the likelihood that they spend their years old with Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved for Alzheimer 's .
Already in America , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and its costs required a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers are older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the major medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that ca n't prevent or cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the investigation of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a year 's annual numbers like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what days people know , but everybody should be , Alzheimer 's disease , and we can treat it .
For most of the years over the last 114 years , all of us , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with an Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused dramatically life expectancy and is always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and weird innovations in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For nearly a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are consistent .
And when it folds well , these top-down points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form large plates and forth .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of which we block is complex , like presenting a bomb .
You can do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that blocks it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in the most part , the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemists , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now it 's testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our outcomes .
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at a few videos of what happened when they test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that fit each other into each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 350,000 years of waiting , there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried to do it , we can get it back .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have looked at the more research and extensive pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV in the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk to themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers for their loved ones , and night , they 're often too eager to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients today like <unk> , which can not create the change that they need for themselves .
They 're talking for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the <unk> column from the New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience when I tested it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will be done to get 36 questions more and more personal questions , and then they both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with an quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 're going to take another person ?
And just ?
<unk> , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner what you like him or she , I know a lot of this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to somebody you 've just met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the suggestion that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , with someone who I knew not particularly very well , I did n't expect to fall in .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the <unk> column about a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you will probably ask yourself : they follow up yet ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
And a week before the paper was published , he was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been fascinated by writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably be a few thousand views .
And that found a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night , and already on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday , I 've already called me today 's `` Show Show '' and Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , very little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster confidence writing honestly about their own love experiences , but another thing is to find that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always did the same question , still , do they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Are they still together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio , and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman shouted up to the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I was immediately red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship on an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable with it .
But I was n't ready for the scale of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have a lifetime of their own .
In fact , the New York Times ran a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , which included readers ' experiences when they test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first momentum to all of this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I had television interviews , and revealed the orders of the photos of us two .
I think it was afraid of becoming the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> process . A range of which I did n't feel at all at all .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : either , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and then tell you ?
If the answer was not , I would do the experience of asking these 36 questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the mission of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach among college students , using what Aron called <unk> , sustained , progressive , reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt more close after doing so . Several later studies also used <unk> <unk> protocol as a fast way to create trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between police and community , and they 've used it between people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and said to faculty , and he did n't work , and he did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to say that you 've got a person who 's made you ?
Well he did a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I was , but got better friends ?
Did you feel that they did better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
But I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you is looking at when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the studio for the first time when I was 29 , and I was in a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was supposed to be pretty much all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or I could live without it .
So I pushed into science .
And I did all that I was able to find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that to kind of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just did this for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought if I built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and used as I sat then .
And all this knowledge has been useful for one or another .
I 'm a more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence in demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than you can make me demand for me .
What I 'm looking for of love is a guarantee , not only to be loved today and self tomorrow , but to continue to be loved for the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that media told you about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of the implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel wonderfully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story of the story is , still , still together ?
And his content with an answer or no .
So more than a question , I would propose that asking us to make questions more difficult , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt about your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship , it 's this one , a known year , and I was applying a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as they will remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen .
They fell in love because we take the choice to be .
And I wince reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the moment , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice .
He did n't consider how many times we would have to make that decision , and how long it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not .
I want you to have done and responded 36 questions , and I want to love someone as generous , kind and fun and expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't think of .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't really write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and hope that he also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by lesbian , and in a way , I came up like a <unk> of the forest .
Something that really affected me , but something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and you 'd put it a dollar bill , a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange humanoids or a few alien aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let me figure out how our species <unk> ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's got grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a time , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from field and surfing , and all of those rare things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and made all the pages , and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> in the style Agnes , and a bee covered and a bee was caught .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to be growing up size , as if it was , you know , text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realize that God I can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same thing that 's done around a body of the crime scene .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , the botanical -- that you can make an idea .
Then I did some insects and strange creatures .
It was a lot of fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exposures and stuff , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , sculptures of resin , of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : he died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
And I started drawing on the layers of glass , similar to the drawing in a window , then another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work <unk> with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the upstreamists , I was largely inspired by `` The garden of the delight '' of Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the Museum of <unk> in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of their time .
Well , the `` triptych . ''
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It 's <unk> , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the blood source .
On the left , he 's Jesus and fish .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this analog mesh underworld where they hide .
Here 's where creatures with animal heads run into the beacon , lists to kill themselves in mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird that 's a bird strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the Amazon Zone -- the refuge of Osama bin Laden , there are all kinds of bizarre things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in one hand while the other hand gives him clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems like a mythological being that keeps Earth and cosmos in balance .
So this is what `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits clouds out of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , its tail turn on fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in an eye balloon of <unk> made from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a human form , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They are as cells , they get together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope strip that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can throw it out .
I 'm going to take you through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body party for half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside that cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called the <unk> Project .
In this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a museum , a writer , a radio electron , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
We put out the box and all the people in bottles of them hit each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When someone redefines who is and the box that is living in .
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from the borders , from religion , does n't work .
We are all very facts of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness and graciously , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when hurts your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first goes through the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
I 'm going to take a pill , it 's the most effective , <unk> , <unk> system for any drug to make an effect on the body .
The underdog , however , is that by <unk> any medicine , it 's gone .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve it to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the cells ' account .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to blood stream , it will become <unk> , and worse still for the time that it takes to reach its fate , which is where it 's most important : in the HIV warehouse .
These are regions of the body like the metastatic lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is sitting idle , and it ca n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are <unk> to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today that is a treatment for life run by oral tracks .
And one day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If they 're used in dentistry , for caring for wounded and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything that you can imagine , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , that open and closing almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce the medications .
You know , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little powerful , powerful laser laser about the cellular membrane living in HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that has the drug .
The laser through the cell , as the cell absorbs the drug on a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro , or in petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , released it directly into the site of infection , as the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the most eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've looked at non-state armed groups : organizations , insurgents or militias .
They 're doing what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand the better understanding of these agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent participation .
I do work in the field of politics and the world of politics and the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in progress , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors .
For example , from <unk> peace deals between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> signed in between a state and a non-governmental actor .
That 's why we have to understand these groups , we even have to engage them or we have to engage in any kind of successful conflict process .
But how do you do it ?
We have to know what these organizations motivates .
We know so well the reasons they fight , how they do it , but no one analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and the political struggle is related .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , Lebanese <unk> , known by his violent Israel against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political game , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
It 's a complex machine machinery : radio stations , television channels , Internet websites and strategies .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , print in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups also invest in complex fundraising , without the looting , but through business businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They 're building schools , they manage hospitals , they run professional training programs or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state is not providing : safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban at an torn ripped by war or even the beginning of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated extraterrestrial price for the population .
But in general , providing social services , it means filling out a vacuum , a <unk> gap by government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 ca n't understand without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrid .
They grow because they fill out gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and they make governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated the more and more sophisticated are these organizations , we can less <unk> as something other to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
They were part of a territory , they run all their functions , pick up the garbage , running the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from nations without state and hybrids , and the weakest the states , as in the Middle East , more intervene and fill that gap , non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in no military tools .
You know , that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace together .
If we better understand the armed groups , we will understand better what incentives to foster the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but not give peace or stability .
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security gap , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept this openly , a feminist label , would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'd become a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started to call the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women are <unk> , anger with men and hated sex . As if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are being treated around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a reasonable perfect response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people to the recipient who could be a feminist .
Being labeled a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'd become a woman who does n't follow the rules , who says too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's the same or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until you realize that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They took the same wages for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have a right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without any need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women 's needs , you have to account for our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , and the social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us , the same way that we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is not anything .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear , I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' is amazing .
`` Do n't get your wet shirt .
<unk> , give them , <unk> until the shell stops ! ''
Think about it .
Do you speak poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> , and <unk> maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I get a sense of fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can look at `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have some of the absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that make a reality .
Some of my crimes are more stressed .
If a woman wants to adopt the last name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that they make women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
It was awarded the conventional feminism that was ignored or <unk> , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered women , to women , white women , middle-class and high class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It 's also happening the following : How a feminist , I 'm a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put leading feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're going to make perfection .
When we are <unk> , we retire with a lot of love from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a mess , I already consider myself to take myself on that pedestal before I try to get there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' for fear of what that sticker means , it 's scary to not be able to fulfill with little realistic expectations .
Take <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In the Video Video Center in 2014 , on MTV , in front of the word `` feminist , '' three meters tall .
It was a wonderful show , see this pop star embracing feminism , and to know the women and the young men who being a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> time , cultural critics began endless if it was or not a feminist debates .
They understood her feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection in feminist , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need so freaking a lot .
We 're going to go far beyond the sensible criticism , to get rid of the feminism of any woman , to tear down until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or more well , a much more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections to accountability , will go to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music differently , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they make change effectively affecting their profit .
It 's certainly difficult .
Why does his music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions will justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great , wonderful girls , determined and brilliant , and also very brave . I want you to grow a world .
They 're going to be aware of the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , suddenly , the best choice is within a lot easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is about sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movies somewhere else when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their mates as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your journal , to participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a lot of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to be welcome to them , until more of us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision decision .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without adopt these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top , the people in power directors and cinema producers and music , CEOs , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create lasting and significant change .
We can also tell them our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` You know , a bad feminist will not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I mean , especially because my voice was stolen me , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to address what happened .
A few boys would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
My voice , and after all I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'd become a louder version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world tries to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , what I 'm doing and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when you more , you need such a courage .
And right after Christmas last year , I grew up kids in California when they had visited Disneyland , or because of being exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the things that is tragic about this outbreak is that measles may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine for this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were not vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed about autism and <unk> vaccines , disqualified and tagged by being a deliberate fraud in the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you think of most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism , is such a stupidity ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents around the world are still going to assume that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard of her , they believed to develop their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continue so much only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> are routinely refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people in the Center for Disease Control and Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on sentences as the criteria of diagnostics expanded and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing figures .
But that kind of language does n't dissipates the fears of a young mother who searches for her two year-old son , the eye contact .
If the criteria of diagnosis they had to scale , why were they so low at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism as difficult to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to find answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious of science than the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most 20th century , doctors told a story about what the autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours , waving their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to panic for <unk> as when he does n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients , they were treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while they pick South places of places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , I 'm going to give you that diagnosis to kids with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had turned to nine in every 10 kids , they sent out other doctors to her office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
He was an intelligent man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
They were treating autism as a form of child psychosis , caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept carefully in a fridge that we do n't want .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are looking at certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like kids were simply regurgitating apart what they 'd heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Remarkably , it was n't until the 1970s , that researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that mother 's theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as black-eyed without support , without special education , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for the autistic kids and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that has been done 30 years earlier .
They ran a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
We had a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find autistic kids in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were getting into their fascination for astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in nice and beautiful squares , as Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one ever realized these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in 1944 in 1944 , the year after <unk> , and then forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided constantly mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was running an integrated clinic with a school boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The idea of Asperger 's teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music lessons , and the kids kept their games on Sundays .
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability for life that required forms of support and spaces tailored for the course of all life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , I called them their little teachers , and he started helping in the development of methods of education that were especially suitable for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in archetypes known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> teacher .
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art , an amount of autism is essential .
<unk> , and Judith figured out he was wrong in which autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of Health to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
By the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes came into place , because of the limited model of <unk> by one wide one and inclusive .
These changes actually fell into broken bag .
So I happen to be , when I was going on , and Judith worked at the first stage to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult people .
Before `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , only a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the Rain Man 's performance with `` Rain Man '' recognition , pediatricians , `` Rain Man '' with four <unk> of Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents from everybody knew what the autism was .
At the same time , the first clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for their son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' -- the changes in the criteria , and the introduction of these trials created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnoses started rise , just as she predicted <unk> , and Judith , in fact hoped that this was , getting people with autism and their families finally get their support and the services they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines , and a simple , powerful , and seductive story , and seductive history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention of every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have joined up on the Internet to be solved by the new medical breakthroughs , the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
A way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC is not going to work Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily mediated , social norms , and it suffers from attention deficit deficit .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still catching Asperger , which believed that `` cure '' for the other <unk> aspects of autism are found in the understanding of the teachers , the ability , communities , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck on deck for the human boat . ''
As we go forward to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to lose a brain .
Thank you .
